---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/darren-juliss-mva-11-12-2021/darren-juliss-mva-11-12-2021|Darren Juliss MVA 11/12/2021]]

## 21:10:56

Request records from University of Louisville Hospital

## 21:04:09

need signed intake docs, especially signed med auth.

## 21:16:40

@htalty need copy of health insurance card

## 21:15:14

1. Does Darren Juliss need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Darren Juliss need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 21:15:16

Does Darren Juliss need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If Darren Juliss needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 21:06:57

@htalty Please send PIP LOR

## 21:15:14

Did Darren Juliss go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 21:15:15

1. Do we have the Police Report? Yes
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 21:15:17

Contact Darren Juliss at 502-424-4670 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.

## 21:15:18

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? Yes. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Is Darren Juliss the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? .
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and Darren Juliss is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.

## 16:01:05

Darren was having difficulty getting his scripts from Walgreens paid by PIP - I called Amanda Hutchinson (PIP adj) - State Auto =she went into his file and lifted the reservation enough to pay for his scripts - and said she had 2 bills from Healthlift for scripts - she would pay. Called client and let him know that should all be cleared up now. Also he said this may be the last week for chiro treatment - will call and leave us a message
Medical providers listed are correct
