---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-13

**Case:** [[cases/anthony-williams-mva-06-03-2022/anthony-williams-mva-06-03-2022|Anthony Williams MVA 06/03/2022]]

## 10:10:33

__RE: FW: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Wed, 13 Jul 2022 10:10:26 -0400

Doesn’t appear any PIP/Medpay will be available on this. MVA was in WV, Driver from TX, rental vehicle registered in TX. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  
Sent: Tuesday, July 12, 2022 12:49 PM
To: Justin Chumbley 
Cc: AnthonyWilliamsMVAZ1759437@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: Fwd: FW: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22

 

 

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: April Mullins  >
Date: Mon, Jul 11, 2022 at 1:26 PM
Subject: FW: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22
To: Aaron Whaley  >, Faye Gaither  >

 

Good Afternoon,

 

I just wanted to follow up on the below request. 

 

Thank you, 

 


 



April Mullins

A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison

 

PHONE:

EMAIL:

WEB:

ADDRESS:

 

 

 

 

Office: 502-909-0772

amullins@aptivahealth.com  

aptivahealth.com  

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218

 

               

 

***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**

 

From: April Mullins 
Sent: Tuesday, July 5, 2022 7:54 AM
To: Aaron Whaley  >
Subject: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22

 

Good Morning,

 

I just wanted to follow up and see if you have his PIP Information. 

 

Thank you, 

 


 



April Mullins

A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison

 

PHONE:

EMAIL:

WEB:

ADDRESS:

 

 

 

 

Office: 502-909-0772

Cell: 502-802-1085

amullins@aptivahealth.com  

aptivahealth.com  

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218

 

               

 

***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment thereto, is strictly prohttp://aptivahealth.comceived this e-mail in error, please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**

 




 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

## 10:09:18

claim setup with rental. LOR sent. May not be any form of PIP/Medpay coverage. rental registered in TX, Driver is from TX, MVA location WV

## 10:07:51

__18480766__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Lorelei.M.Gordon@ehi.com](mailto:Lorelei.M.Gordon@ehi.com) 'Gordon, Lorelei M'
Date: Wed, 13 Jul 2022 10:07:40 -0400

Thanks for your help!

 

I've attached our letter of representation along with the police report.

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363
