---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-10

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 11:09:11

__Re: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
CC: "Patricia J. Trombetta"  [ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com](mailto:ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com),  "Beth M. Winegardner"  [bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com](mailto:bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 11:06:04 -0400

Confirmed.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 10:50?AM Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger <
schedule@kentuckianareporters.com> wrote:

> Thank you!
>
> Kristina Wenninger
>
> Scheduling Manager
> *Kentuckiana Court Reporters*
>
> A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202
>
> P: (502) 589-2273 <(502)-589-2273>   F: (502) 584-0119 <(502)-584-0119>
>
> E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com
>
> [image: facebook] 
>
> [image: linkedin] 
>
> ? Schedule your next deposition today!
> 
>
>
> ------------------------------
> *From:* Patricia J. Trombetta 
> *Sent:* Monday, April 10, 2023 10:45 AM
> *To:* Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger <
> schedule@kentuckianareporters.com>; Beth M. Winegardner <
> bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com>; Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> 
> *Subject:* RE: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)
>
>
> confirmed
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
>
> This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are
> confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
> entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or
> the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended
> recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in
> error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of
> this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.
> If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify
> us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bsphlaw.com. Please
> shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You
> will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.
>
>
>
> *From:* Kristina Wenninger - Scheduling Manager <
> schedule@kentuckianareporters.com>
> *Sent:* Monday, April 10, 2023 10:35 AM
> *To:* Beth M. Winegardner ; Patricia J.
> Trombetta ; Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> *Subject:* Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)
>
>
>
> Attached is the confirmation for tomorrow's proceeding. Please review and
> confirm if this is going forward as scheduled or advise of any necessary
> revisions. If you have an estimated duration, please provide that
> information as well.
>
> Reporter & ZOOM Connection. 3 witnesses.
>
> * All parties attending remotely.
>
> Topic: 80991 - Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
> Time: Apr 11, 2023 10:00 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)
>
> Join Zoom Meeting
> https://us06web.zoom.us/j/82664027580
>
> Meeting ID: 826 6402 7580
> Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099
>
> Thank you!
>
>
> ________________________________________________________________________________________________________
>
> DATE: 4/11/2023
> TIME: 10:00AM
> CLIENT: Patricia J. Trombetta, Esquire
> FIRM: Bonezzi Switzer Polito & Hupp - Cincinnati
> CASE STYLE: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian
> JUDGE/WITNESS: Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
> LOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELY
> No set address
> Remote Location,
>
>
> Thank you for scheduling with us!
>
> The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party
> to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged,
> confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt
> from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of
> this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail
> is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for
> delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
> that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is
> strictly prohibited.
>
>
>

## 11:08:42

__RE: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)__
From: "Patricia J. Trombetta"  [ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com](mailto:ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com)
To: Kristina Wenninger - Scheduling Manager  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com),  "Beth M. Winegardner"  [bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com](mailto:bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com),  "Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com"  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 14:45:23 +0000

confirmed



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq

[cid:image001.png@01D96B99.8C8B7BA0]
CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bsphlaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.

From: Kristina Wenninger - Scheduling Manager 
Sent: Monday, April 10, 2023 10:35 AM
To: Beth M. Winegardner ; Patricia J. Trombetta ; Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)


Attached is the confirmation for tomorrow's proceeding. Please review and confirm if this is going forward as scheduled or advise of any necessary revisions. If you have an estimated duration, please provide that information as well.

Reporter & ZOOM Connection. 3 witnesses.

* All parties attending remotely.

Topic: 80991 - Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
Time: Apr 11, 2023 10:00 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/82664027580

Meeting ID: 826 6402 7580
Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099

Thank you!

________________________________________________________________________________________________________

DATE: 4/11/2023
TIME: 10:00AM
CLIENT: Patricia J. Trombetta, Esquire
FIRM: Bonezzi Switzer Polito & Hupp - Cincinnati
CASE STYLE: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian
JUDGE/WITNESS: Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
LOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELY
No set address
Remote Location,


Thank you for scheduling with us!

The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.

## 11:08:04

__Re: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)__
From: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
To: "Patricia J. Trombetta"  [ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com](mailto:ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com),  "Beth M. Winegardner"  [bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com](mailto:bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com),  "Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com"  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 14:50:31 +0000

Thank you!


[https://img.signmyemails.net/photos/zF5QTCY1VTN8AmC6v4ekxvITmqchWAtL.png]

Kristina Wenninger

Scheduling Manager
Kentuckiana Court Reporters

A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

P: (502) 589-2273   F: (502) 584-0119

E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com

[facebook]

[linkedin]

? Schedule your next deposition today!


________________________________
From: Patricia J. Trombetta 
Sent: Monday, April 10, 2023 10:45 AM
To: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger ; Beth M. Winegardner ; Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com 
Subject: RE: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)


confirmed







Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq



[cid:image001.png@01D96B99.8C8B7BA0]

CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION

This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bsphlaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.



From: Kristina Wenninger - Scheduling Manager 
Sent: Monday, April 10, 2023 10:35 AM
To: Beth M. Winegardner ; Patricia J. Trombetta ; Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Confirmation for 4/11/2023 (80991)



Attached is the confirmation for tomorrow's proceeding. Please review and confirm if this is going forward as scheduled or advise of any necessary revisions. If you have an estimated duration, please provide that information as well.

Reporter & ZOOM Connection. 3 witnesses.

* All parties attending remotely.

Topic: 80991 - Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
Time: Apr 11, 2023 10:00 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/82664027580

Meeting ID: 826 6402 7580
Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099

Thank you!

________________________________________________________________________________________________________

DATE: 4/11/2023
TIME: 10:00AM
CLIENT: Patricia J. Trombetta, Esquire
FIRM: Bonezzi Switzer Polito & Hupp - Cincinnati
CASE STYLE: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian
JUDGE/WITNESS: Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian
LOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELY
No set address
Remote Location,


Thank you for scheduling with us!

The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
