---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-14

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 12:12:57

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 on 03/14/2023 10:25 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 14 Mar 2023 12:09:59 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Mar 14, 2023 at 10:26?AM
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 on
03/14/2023 10:25 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903
*Received:* Tuesday, March 14, 2023 at 10:25 AM
*Length:* 00:48
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hello, this is Gene Debra. My number is 812-901-3903 again. My number is
812-901-3903 and again. My name is James Yarbrough. I was calling about my
case because I'll find some documents online via email and I was meaning to
call you I just to make sure that I have pictures of the other car because
I have that information available as well. If you all need it as well as
the actual I guess the secretary who I should be talking to about my
questions. If you can give me that information again, I would greatly
appreciate it thank you and have a very blessed day."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:14:59

Recvd DC Resp to Disc Req - Saved Resp to Pleadings & Attachments to Disc Folder - Case Ready for Oral Discovery Scheduling - Sent Email to DC Assist for Def Depo Dates #Lit #DiscComplete #DepoSch

## 11:19:53

__22-CI-005461 Yarbrough v Christian - Deposition Scheduling__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: bwinegardner@bsphlaw.com 
CC: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 14 Mar 2023 11:18:40 -0400

Good afternoon Beth,
    With receipt of Mr. Christian's Responses to the Plaintiff's Discovery
Requests, it seems we are ready to move forward into oral discovery and
request dates that Mr. Christian will be available for his deposition. We
do request an afternoon start time and the depositions be taken at Franklin
Injury Law or via Zoom.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 10:36:35

__FW: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 14 Mar 2023 13:29:38 +0000

Are you saving all of this?

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
502.416.1206

From: Beth M. Winegardner 
Date: Monday, March 13, 2023 at 4:40 PM
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com , joel@franklininjury.com 
Cc: Patricia J. Trombetta 
Subject: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021
Dear Counsel,

Please find the attached Responses to Plaintiffs’ Discovery Directed to Defendant Kyle Christian along with verification and a link to document production in the above matter on behalf of attorney Patricia J. Trombetta.  Should you have any questions, please contact our office or Ms. Trombetta directly at ptrombetta@bsphlaw.com.  Thank you.

https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/lulv13s7358gmdh1sc4iy/h?dl=0&rlkey=870by3rj7abm3kfozdp66ensz


Beth M. Winegardner
Secretary to Paul W. McCartney
Thomas F. Glassman, Esq.
and Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq.

[cid:image001.png@01D955B6.AD93E560]
