---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-26

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 11:52:05

__Fwd: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarbrough MVA 3/14/22
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2023 11:51:47 -0400

We need to get prior medical records from client. We also need to send a
demand with whatever medical information we do have.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Patricia J. Trombetta 
Date: Thu, Jun 22, 2023 at 3:53?PM
Subject: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court
Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com , Joel Franklin <
joel@franklininjury.com>


Good afternoon Aaron and Joel,



                Shortly after the depositions of the parties I left on an
extended 3 week vacation and am still trying to dig out. First time I ever
took that much time and the last time based on what I came back to.

                In any event it was noted at the deposition that we do  not
have much in the way of medical information and it is my recollection that
one of you was going to follow up on that.  My last records are May 2022.

                Specifically, prior medical records on Carmella are
necessary as she had several prior accidents.

                Also have you made a settlement demand yet?



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq



CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION

This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are
confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or
the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended
recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in
error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of
this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify
us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bsphlaw.com. Please
shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You
will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.




-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
