---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-01

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 13:02:19

__RE: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Patricia J. Trombetta [PTrombetta@bspplaw.com](mailto:PTrombetta@bspplaw.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [JeanYarbroughMVAZ1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JeanYarbroughMVAZ1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022 - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Thu, 1 Feb 2024 17:02:10 +0000

There is  no video in the link



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq

[cid:image001.png@01DA5506.7B411B00]
Super Lawyers® Selection 2018-2024

CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bspplaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.  This transmission is intended only for the proper recipient(s). It is confidential and may contain attorney-client privileged information. If you are not the proper recipient, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Any unauthorized review, copying, or use of this message is prohibited. Unless expressly stated to the contrary herein, nothing in this message was intended or written to be used, nor may be relied upon or used: (a) to avoid any penalties that could be imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or (b) to recommend or support the promotion or marketing of any federal tax transaction or issue discussed herein.

From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Thursday, February 1, 2024 11:44 AM
To: Patricia J. Trombetta ; Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022 - Filevine Project Email Address 
Subject: Re: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021

You don't often get email from agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com. Learn why this is important
Pat and Sincere did not go to the hospital. I went back through my file and found our open records request response. There is bodycam footage from the police that we never downloaded. I have downloaded it, and it is in the folder below. It does confirm that Sincere was in the vehicle. Jean also points the officer to two witnesses, but inexplicably, he never goes to interview them.

https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/cf6iyp2cly2mfkgojobjq/h?rlkey=u72f6yo0x6ngeiea0889w6cp1&dl=0

On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 12:17?PM Patricia J. Trombetta > wrote:
Good Afternoon Aaron,
                I can increase my offers for Jean and Carmella from $6,000 to $7500 but have no room to move on Carmella due to her prior history.  As to Sincere, please send me the EMS report and Hospital records for him on the date of the accident.  The first medical record I have is 11 days after the accident.  Pat



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq

[cid:image001.png@01DA5506.7B411B00]
Super Lawyers® Selection 2018-2024

CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bspplaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.  This transmission is intended only for the proper recipient(s). It is confidential and may contain attorney-client privileged information. If you are not the proper recipient, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Any unauthorized review, copying, or use of this message is prohibited. Unless expressly stated to the contrary herein, nothing in this message was intended or written to be used, nor may be relied upon or used: (a) to avoid any penalties that could be imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or (b) to recommend or support the promotion or marketing of any federal tax transaction or issue discussed herein.



--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:44:04

__Re: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [PTrombetta@bspplaw.com](mailto:PTrombetta@bspplaw.com) Patricia J. Trombetta, [JeanYarbroughMVAZ1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JeanYarbroughMVAZ1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022 - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Thu, 1 Feb 2024 11:43:48 -0500

Pat and Sincere did not go to the hospital. I went back through my file and
found our open records request response. There is bodycam footage from the
police that we never downloaded. I have downloaded it, and it is in the
folder below. It does confirm that Sincere was in the vehicle. Jean also
points the officer to two witnesses, but inexplicably, he never goes to
interview them.

https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/cf6iyp2cly2mfkgojobjq/h?rlkey=u72f6yo0x6ngeiea0889w6cp1&dl=0

On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 12:17?PM Patricia J. Trombetta <
PTrombetta@bspplaw.com> wrote:

> Good Afternoon Aaron,
>
>                 I can increase my offers for Jean and Carmella from $6,000
> to $7500 but have no room to move on Carmella due to her prior history.  As
> to Sincere, please send me the EMS report and Hospital records for him on
> the date of the accident.  The first medical record I have is 11 days after
> the accident.  Pat
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq
>
>
>
> Super Lawyers® Selection 2018-2024
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
>
> This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are
> confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
> entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or
> the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended
> recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in
> error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of
> this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.
> If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify
> us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bspplaw.com. Please
> shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You
> will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.  This
> transmission is intended only for the proper recipient(s). It is
> confidential and may contain attorney-client privileged information. If you
> are not the proper recipient, please notify the sender immediately and
> delete this message. Any unauthorized review, copying, or use of this
> message is prohibited. Unless expressly stated to the contrary herein,
> nothing in this message was intended or written to be used, nor may be
> relied upon or used: (a) to avoid any penalties that could be imposed under
> the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or (b) to recommend or
> support the promotion or marketing of any federal tax transaction or issue
> discussed herein.
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:43:16

__[External Message Added] Louisville Metro Government public records request #22-12406__
From: Louisville Metro Government Public Records  [messages@nextrequest.com](mailto:messages@nextrequest.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 01 Feb 2024 14:37:11 +0000

Louisville Metro Government

************************************************************************


A message was sent to you regarding record request #22-12406:

Please use link to download responsive video. Link will expire on: 02/15/2024



https://sft.louisvilleky.gov/pkg?token=84502510-be7e-4795-a2f3-29a371693571








************************************************************************                          
Questions about your request? Reply to this email or sign in to contact staff at Louisville Metro Government.Technical support: See our help page
