---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-18

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 15:36:46

Recvd Scene & Injury Photos from Jean - Saved to Investigation/Photos Folder #CC #Investigation #ScenePhotos #InjuryPhotos

## 14:37:49

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:36:58

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client Response - Asking which email to send photos too

Replied:
Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: January 18 2024

## 14:26:25

What email can I send it to? The pictures aren't on my current phone

## 14:14:37

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:04:54

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 on 01/17/2024 12:19 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 17 Jan 2024 17:20:04 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 
*Received:* Wednesday, January 17, 2024 at 12:19 PM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, this is Miss Yarbro. I was just trying to get an update on my case. 
I believe it is been a few weeks since we last talked or even a month since 
we last talked. So I was just interested on what steps we are within those 
negotiations. If you could please give me a call back at your earliest 
Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
