---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-29

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 09:59:59

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 on 03/27/2024 10:58 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 27 Mar 2024 14:58:37 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (812) 901-3903 
*Received:* Wednesday, March 27, 2024 at 10:58 AM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, this is Mitch Ybor. I was calling to see if I can get a better 
update on my case. If you could please call me back at your earliest 
convenience at 812-901-3903. And again, this is Gene Yarbro trying to get a 
better follow up with my case. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
