---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-03

**Case:** [[cases/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023|Patrick Black MVA 6/2/2023]]

## 18:02:18

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Greenlee Chiropractic & Acupuncture Clinic

## 23:15:38

__Text Message__
__Message:__  All my treatments are over as none were specifically for the injury obtained in the accident.  I was already receiving those treatments.  So we can move forward with the process 
__Date and Time:__ 2023-11-03 
__From Number:__ +12706089568 
__To Number:__ +15023579975
__Direction:__ Inbound

## 18:02:43

__Phase Changed By:__ Jessa
__Old Status:__ Treatment
__New Status:__ Demand in Progress
 #status

## 18:02:25

Phase Change: Demand in Progress

## 18:02:10

__Fwd: New Text Message from Patrick Black on 11/03/2023 5:58 PM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [PatrickBlackMVAZ3873113@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:PatrickBlackMVAZ3873113@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 3 Nov 2023 18:01:49 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Nov 3, 2023 at 5:58?PM
Subject: New Text Message from Patrick Black on 11/03/2023 5:58 PM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Text Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new text message:
*From:* Patrick Black
*To:* Jessa Galosmo
*Received:* Friday, November 03, 2023 at 5:58 PM
*Message:* All my treatments are over as none were specifically for the
injury obtained in the accident. I was already receiving those treatments.
So we can move forward with the process
To reply using the RingCentral app
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
