---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-28

**Case:** [[cases/willie-thompson-mva-08-27-2021/willie-thompson-mva-08-27-2021|Willie Thompson MVA 08/27/2021]]

## 14:08:53

Fax to Dana Tejada (844) 676-6162 <small>Page Count:3</small>

## 10:49:22

__Fwd: Claim # 219407621-Willie Thompson__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) Cameron Smith
Cc: [WillieThompsonMVAZ995859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:WillieThompsonMVAZ995859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 28 Apr 2022 10:49:04 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Tejada, Dana 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2022 at 8:56 AM
Subject: RE: Claim # 219407621-Willie Thompson
To: Aaron Whaley , drforlenza@gmail.com <
drforlenza@gmail.com>


My apologies. We received bills but the completed PIP packet is not in the
file. Can you please forward the completed PIP packet to me?



*From:* Tejada, Dana
*Sent:* Thursday, April 28, 2022 8:45 AM
*To:* 'Aaron Whaley' 
*Subject:* Claim # 219407621-Willie Thompson



Good morning,



I am following up regarding the PIP claim filed for Willie Thompson. We
have not received the PIP packet or any bills. Is he pursuing a PIP claim?



Thanks,



*Dana Tejada *| Claims Representative - PIP
*Sedgwick Claims Management Services, Inc.*
DIRECT 501.251.2018 | FAX 501.251.2758
EMAIL *Dana.Tejada@sedgwick.com *
PO Box 94696
Cleveland, OH 44101
www.sedgwick.com | Caring counts®

[image:
http://cr.sedgwick.com/nco/PublishingImages/SDWK_email-signature-v3.png]


------------------------------
Any personal data acquired, processed or shared by us will be lawfully
processed in line with applicable data protection legislation. If you have
any questions regarding how we process personal data refer to our Privacy
Notice https://www.sedgwick.com/global-privacy-policy. Any communication
including this email and files/attachments transmitted with it are
confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
entity to whom they are addressed. If this message has been sent to you in
error, you must not copy, distribute or disclose of the information it
contains and you must notify us immediately (contact is within the privacy
policy) and delete the message from your system.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
