---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-15

**Case:** [[cases/donna-smith-s-f-8-31-2020/donna-smith-s-f-8-31-2020|Donna Smith S/F 8/31/2020]]

## 13:52:26

__Re: forms to 3rd parties__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [DonnaSmithSFZ954643@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DonnaSmithSFZ954643@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2022 13:52:05 -0400

In Walmart's answers to my interrogatories about the type of paint used
they referred to a third party. We need the letters to reflect that third
party and all documents related to work done for walmart at this location.

On Fri, Apr 15, 2022 at 12:39 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Hey AW,
>   I apologize for the delay on this. Please see the attached Packet with
> these documents along with a cover letter to the Defense Counsel. I did not
> include the Constable letters as they are to the Constable on how to serve
> the documents. I also did not include the Record Regarding Letter as it is
> a statement for the notary in Mr. Harris' case.
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Mar 30, 2022 at 2:32 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>>
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: Aaron Whaley 
>> Date: Fri, Mar 25, 2022 at 1:07 PM
>> Subject: Fwd: forms to 3rd parties
>> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>>
>>
>> On Donna Smith's case the supplemental IROG that they anwered were
>> incomplete. I needed to know the paint that was used on the lines. Use
>> these as templates to send a letter to defense counsel asking for that
>> information and if they won't to schedule the deposition and subpeona duces
>> tecum.
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: Brad Harris 
>> Date: Fri, Mar 25, 2022 at 1:03 PM
>> Subject: forms to 3rd parties
>> To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 
>>
>>
>> Aaron,
>>
>>
>>
>> Here’s the full set of forms I use to get information from 3rd parties.
>> Feel free to
>>
>> Cut and paste as you wish and put into your “forms” files.
>>
>>
>>
>> Best of Luck!
>>
>>
>>
>> *Brad Harris*
>> MANAGING ATTORNEY
>>
>> " Be a pro, Serve Others, Act with Integrity"
>> *o* 877.226.2723 Dial 1 then x1005 <??(877)%20226-2723??>
>> 601 Perimeter Dr #220
>> Lexington, KY 40517
>> 
>>
>>
>>
>> [image: Harris Federal Employee Law Firm]
>> 
>>
>>
>>
>> FederalDisability.com 
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:39:18

__Re: forms to 3rd parties__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [DonnaSmithSFZ954643@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DonnaSmithSFZ954643@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2022 12:39:16 -0400

Hey AW,
  I apologize for the delay on this. Please see the attached Packet with
these documents along with a cover letter to the Defense Counsel. I did not
include the Constable letters as they are to the Constable on how to serve
the documents. I also did not include the Record Regarding Letter as it is
a statement for the notary in Mr. Harris' case.


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Mar 30, 2022 at 2:32 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Aaron Whaley 
> Date: Fri, Mar 25, 2022 at 1:07 PM
> Subject: Fwd: forms to 3rd parties
> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>
>
> On Donna Smith's case the supplemental IROG that they anwered were
> incomplete. I needed to know the paint that was used on the lines. Use
> these as templates to send a letter to defense counsel asking for that
> information and if they won't to schedule the deposition and subpeona duces
> tecum.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Brad Harris 
> Date: Fri, Mar 25, 2022 at 1:03 PM
> Subject: forms to 3rd parties
> To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 
>
>
> Aaron,
>
>
>
> Here’s the full set of forms I use to get information from 3rd parties.
> Feel free to
>
> Cut and paste as you wish and put into your “forms” files.
>
>
>
> Best of Luck!
>
>
>
> *Brad Harris*
> MANAGING ATTORNEY
>
> " Be a pro, Serve Others, Act with Integrity"
> *o* 877.226.2723 Dial 1 then x1005 <??(877)%20226-2723??>
> 601 Perimeter Dr #220
> Lexington, KY 40517
> 
>
>
>
> [image: Harris Federal Employee Law Firm]
> 
>
>
>
> FederalDisability.com 
>
>
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
