---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-04

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 13:46:18

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-2751 on 11/04/2022 9:48 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 4 Nov 2022 13:48:33 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-2751 
*Received:* Friday, November 04, 2022 at 9:48 AM 
*Length:* 02:16 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Serena, I just left a message I want to tell you too. I haven't put apply 
to the page on this brand new phone because I didn't want to be acting on 
miss does have a phone I put one on it does and he has happened. I looked 
in my Facebook page last night for the first time and I'm already on there. 
I have a somebody on my page name, John Wilson with my phone number that 
you or your car 1977. I thank you for me was born, but my phone number and 
Joey beaver is Fraser all over right on the Aaron. Why you my friend and I 
please dial the Aaron all over the batch and the Kentucky state police 
detectives down here down buys if be all kinds of [...]. I'm gonna tell you 
this is Doris. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
