---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-17

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 13:46:47

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-3623 on 11/17/2022 12:08 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 17 Nov 2022 17:08:31 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-3623 
*Received:* Thursday, November 17, 2022 at 12:08 PM 
*Length:* 01:18 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Serena are really leaving right now during medications. I'm following on 
a safe line at my mom's I'm calling you from Stone. I don't trust the my 
mom's 512-7099 for Plaza. I pleaded with him not to not right now. I don't 
want to talk to anybody. I finally contact somebody that really haven't met 
was just today. I don't want anybody else. I just want to get try me on my 
new medication. I've just been so many happening somebody else has been 
calling you because our in my apartment and I locked my security cameras 
are and my phone's please reconsider and I'm sorry. Please give me a call. 
..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
