---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-08

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 15:20:12

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-07-08 19:17:10.920000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 2703699294 

Caller ID: Main:270-996-5645, Main:270-996-5645 

Caller Name: Jamie Rigdon 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2309070

## 15:21:24

Recvd Client VM - She was concern over our last call being disconnected - Returned her call - Mom Answered - Jamie not readily available - LM w/Mom advising that there was no issue, the phone simply cut off and I was unable to reach her back - Mom advised they live in a bad reception area - She will pass along message that we called back #cc

## 15:19:27

__New Voice Message from RIGDON,JAIMIE (270) 996-5645 on 07/08/2022 2:27 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 8 Jul 2022 18:27:45 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* RIGDON,JAIMIE (270) 996-5645 
*Received:* Friday, July 08, 2022 at 2:27 PM 
*Length:* 00:44 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, I was just making sure that we didn't lose each other the 
other day. I hope you aren't mad at me or anything that I thought you might 
have hung up on me. I didn't know what the deal was or if it was my phone I 
wanted to change my number again soon as I get a new phone I'll be in touch 
with you. I just can't afford this. Thank you very much and I'll talk to 
you soon. My mom's number is 270-369-9294 you guys you need to get in 
touch. Thank you very much please from Perch." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
