---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-04

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 14:28:08

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 706-4239 on 01/04/2023 8:06 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 4 Jan 2023 13:10:47 -0500

Jamie Rigdon. She wants a CD with a copy of file. Please send.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2023 at 8:07 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 706-4239 on
01/04/2023 8:06 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 706-4239
*Received:* Wednesday, January 04, 2023 at 8:06 AM
*Length:* 01:21
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" This is Jamie rutan. I love to have not all my information and received
in a row us a C D T Z have available on mail 2250 West Western sonora
Kentucky 42776. I will happen. So much has been going on down here. I
appreciate everything, you know where she could have done more. I thank you
very much. Have a nice day? Again is 250 West Western Center Laura Kentucky
42776 as soon as possible. Please I've got cancer and I've been inspected
and I've been right, that's what I was dealing with all these manic attack
and Holly's Doctor. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
