---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-23

**Case:** [[cases/monet-robinson-mva-04-17-2022/monet-robinson-mva-04-17-2022|Monet Robinson MVA 04/17/2022]]

## 12:42:56

__New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL  (469) 997-9383 on 11/22/2022 2:13 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 22 Nov 2022 19:13:58 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (469) 997-9383 
*Received:* Tuesday, November 22, 2022 at 2:13 PM 
*Length:* 00:54 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Good afternoon. My name is Amy Palm Bay and I'm calling from Liberty 
Mutual claims calling to follow up on Monday, Robinson, date of loss is for 
17 of 22 and the status of their countries and treatment for the under 
insured motorist claim. I am the process Services and our bodily injury. 
Adjuster so if you can contact us back. I would greatly appreciate it. My 
email is Amy a M Y dot Palm B P as in Papa a L M as in Mary P as in boy Y 
at Liberty Mutual dot. Com. My phone line is 469-997-9383 and our claim 
number is 049165261. Thank you. And we look forward to hearing from you 
soon." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
