---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-06

**Case:** [[cases/jalen-bush-mva-7-14-2023/jalen-bush-mva-7-14-2023|Jalen Bush MVA 7/14/2023]]

## 17:29:04

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 11/6 Received Initial offer $500
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations

## 17:26:48

__Fwd: FW: Client Jalen Bush Claim 054163173__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Mon, 6 Nov 2023 16:26:31 -0500

BI offer for Jalen Bush.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Dailey, Ebonni 
Date: Mon, Nov 6, 2023 at 3:57?PM
Subject: FW: Client Jalen Bush Claim 054163173
To: Jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


Dear Jessa,

                It was a pleasure speaking with you today, below is my
break down as you requested. Feel free to reach out once you have discussed
the offer with your client. I am generally in the office between the hours
of 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM CST, Monday through Friday and can be contacted at (832)
349-7042.





-I accepted all the treatment for your client Jalen Bush, the medical bills
come to the amount of $5,955.66

-I will offer an additional $500 for pain and suffering

-I will have to consider the offset of the PIP Lien in the amount of
$5,955.56

-Which leads to my offer of $500



Have a blessed day!



*Ebonni Dailey*
Casualty Claims Resolution Specialist III
*????????????*

Liberty Mutual Insurance
Office: (832) 349 - 7042




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 16:46:32

__New Insurance Note:__ 11/06 adjuster called to provide offer. Asked to send via email.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa 
 #Inotes

## 16:46:20

__New Insurance Note:__ 11/06 adjuster called to provide offer. Asked to send via email.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa 
 #Inotes
