---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-29

**Case:** [[cases/glenetta-windstead-wc-3-6-19/glenetta-windstead-wc-3-6-19|Glenetta Windstead WC 3/6/19]]

## 10:53:19

__NCP JEFFERSON Circuit 19-CI-003411, JACKSON, KAREN VS. MITCHELL-WOODS, VALERIE , ET AL Envelope # 4558616__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 29 Apr 2022 07:49:53 -0400

 Notification of Court Processing

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: April 29, 2022 at 7:48AM Eastern

eFiler: EMERY, MELISSA R. (ATTORNEY)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: JACKSON, KAREN VS. MITCHELL-WOODS, VALERIE , ET AL

Case Number: 19-CI-003411

Envelope Number: 4558616

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Herbert, Valerie Anne - Vherbert@thattorneys.com
Keal, R. Thad - tkeal@turnerkeal.com
Button, R Allen - abutton@turnerkeal.com
Armstrong, Bryan - bryan@barmstronglawyer.com
Franklin, Joel - joel@franklininjury.com
Dettman, Brian Robert - brdettman@gmail.com
Emery, Melissa R - melissa@emerylawoffice.com
Miles, Derek - dmiles@dbllaw.com
Schroepfer, Paul - paul@robichaudlaw.com
Franklin, Joel - Joel@emerylawoffice.com

Scheduled Event:
JURY TRIAL scheduled for 06/14/2022 at 10:00 AM ET in room , with HON. 
AUDRA J. ECKERLE 

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ENTRY OF APPEARANCE

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=AF706298-6405-488A-BFFE-17552CFAB7BB

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 10:42:59

Recvd Notice of Appearance from Counsel for Hazel Triplett - Melissa Emery, Emery Law Office
