---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-03

**Case:** [[cases/betty-short-mva-5-30-2022/betty-short-mva-5-30-2022|Betty Short MVA 5/30/2022]]

## 10:51:05

Contact Betty Short at 606-377-2991 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 13:33:38

Hi, Betty. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need your SSN, police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 11:49:52

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client, she will just send all of the information needed. Tried sending a text message but it was undelivered. Sent email and inform client that she can reply via email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: May 03 2023

## 11:49:29

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:45:39

__Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [shortbetty19@gmail.com](mailto:shortbetty19@gmail.com)
Date: Wed, 3 May 2023 11:45:07 -0400

Hi Betty,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need your SSN, police report
information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply
here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 11:43:25

Hi, Betty. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need your SSN, police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 11:43:03

Hi, Betty. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need your SSN, police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 10:51:01

Phase Change: File Set Up
