---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-18

**Case:** [[cases/betty-short-mva-5-30-2022/betty-short-mva-5-30-2022|Betty Short MVA 5/30/2022]]

## 08:18:18

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Promedica Toledo Hospital

## 09:56:04

E-mailed Commonwealth Community Centers to check status of record/bill request

## 09:55:57

__Betty Short__
From:  [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [info@ccarecenters.com](mailto:info@ccarecenters.com)
Cc: [BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:55:43 -0400

We mailed a request for records & bills on August 14th for our client, Betty
Short.  Just wanted to check the status of this.

 

Thanks!

 

The Whaley Law Firm

## 09:31:50

__Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (419) 4796919 - Sent__
From: RingCentral [service@ringcentral.com](mailto:service@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 13:31:41 +0000 (UTC)





    






    


    

    Fax Transmission Result



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Transmission Result
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            Here are the results of the 3-page fax you sent from your phone number (502) 357-9939, Ext. 111
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    Name
                                    Phone Number
                                    Date and Time
                                    Result
                                
                                
                                
                                     
                                    +1 (419) 4796919
                                    Monday, September 18, 2023 at 9:31 AM
                                    Sent
                                
                                
                            
                            
                            
                            Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax format for transmission:
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    File Name
                                    Result
                                
                                
                                
                                    Betty Short - MedReq - Promedica Toledo.pdf
                                    Success
                                
                                
                                
                                    Betty Short - MedAuth - ProMedica.pdf
                                    Success
                                
                                
                            
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    View this message on your 
                                    RingCentral app.
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            

            
                
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.,
                        20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 09:35:38

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Received the exact location where client did her surgery, it was at ProMedica Toledo Hospital at 1 ProMedica Parkway, Toledo, OH 43606. Replied/sent a swell an email to client to give her an update on her case, 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 18 2023

## 09:35:22

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:34:02

Request for records faxed to Promedica Toledo Hospital // Request for bills mailed

## 09:32:34

__Re: Whaley Law Firm - Scheduled Recorded Statement__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [shortbetty19@gmail.com](mailto:shortbetty19@gmail.com) Betty Short
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:30:14 -0400

Hi Ms. Betty,

To answer your question, yes, it is possible. Right now, we are in the
demand in progress phase in your case, wherein we are preparing the demand
letter to be sent to the insurance company. We will keep you posted for any
updates on your case. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Sun, Sep 17, 2023 at 2:00?PM Betty Short  wrote:

> I would like to ask a out my case and if you think it is possible that I
> might win my case.
>
> On Tue, Jul 25, 2023, 11:05 PM Betty Short  wrote:
>
>> No problem, thank you for the update.
>>
>> On Mon, Jul 24, 2023, 8:41 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>
>>>
>>> I hope this email finds you well. My apologies for the late response.
>>> Regarding your case, we are not sure about the specific details of how long
>>> it may take but we are working on it as soon as possible. Right now, since
>>> they just got your recorded statement, they will continue to review and
>>> investigate the claim and they will keep us updated for any further details
>>> or documents they need from us regarding your case as part of their
>>> process/investigation. We will also do a follow up on them to get an update
>>> on the status of their investigation. We will keep you posted once we hear
>>> from them.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Thank you so much for your understanding.
>>>
>>>
>>> Respectfully,
>>>
>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>
>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>
>>>
>>> On Fri, Jul 21, 2023 at 1:21?AM Betty Short 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you so much but can you tell me how long it  takes to hear back
>>>> from them on cases like mine.
>>>>
>>>>         Grately appreciated
>>>>            Betty
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jul 20, 2023, 2:02 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>
>>>>> The recorded statement that you did earlier with Ms. Beth Freeman of
>>>>> Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, is a requirement for them, as part of
>>>>> their investigation for the Kentucky Assigned Claims. Your car
>>>>> insurance, Kentucky Farm Bureau, denied your claim for Personal Injury
>>>>> Protection, they stated that it appears coverage
>>>>> was not in force under the policy until 1/06/2023. This would mean
>>>>> there is no coverage for the date of loss 5/30/2022.
>>>>>
>>>>> That is why we submitted an application for benefits to Kentucky
>>>>> Assigned Claims. Then they assigned Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company to
>>>>> handle your claim. And as part of their investigation or process, they
>>>>> needed to have a recorded statement/ brief description of the accident from
>>>>> you.
>>>>>
>>>>> If you have further questions, don't hesitate to ask me. I will also
>>>>> keep you posted when we hear back from the Nationwide Mutual Insurance
>>>>> Company.
>>>>>
>>>>> Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>
>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jul 20, 2023 at 1:46?PM Betty Short 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Can you tell me what the recorded call this morning means to my case.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 20, 2023, 12:03 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Thank you for your time today for the recorded statement. I will
>>>>>>> just give you an update for any further information. Thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Jul 17, 2023 at 7:58?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> This is noted. I will call you at 11:00am on Thursday, July 20 for
>>>>>>>> a recorded statement with the Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Thank
>>>>>>>> you.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Sun, Jul 16, 2023 at 11:20?PM Betty Short <
>>>>>>>> shortbetty19@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Yes, that time works for me.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Jul 14, 2023, 2:11 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to confirm,
>>>>>>>>>> if you're good with Thursday, July 20 at 11:00am for a recorded statement
>>>>>>>>>> with the Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company. Let me know if there will be
>>>>>>>>>> any conflicts on the specific date and time. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>

## 09:27:55

__Betty Short__
From:  [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [4194796919@rcfax.com](mailto:4194796919@rcfax.com)
Cc: [BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:27:44 -0400

Attached is a request for records & billing on our client, Betty Short.

 

Thanks!

 

The Whaley Law Firm

## 08:19:25

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm - Checking Treatment Status__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BettyShortMVAZ3725613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 08:17:14 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Betty Short 
Date: Sat, Sep 16, 2023 at 8:42?PM
Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm - Checking Treatment Status
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


Ty do I need to call and get the information for you

On Tue, Sep 12, 2023, 11:56 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Ms. Betty,
>
> I just want to confirm which location in Toledo Ohio that you had surgery
> at? Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:45?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>
>> At this time, we are still waiting to receive the copies of medical
>> records and bills from all your medical providers. We need to get them all
>> together before we can forward it to the Nationwide Mutual Insurance
>> (the insurance assigned by Kentucky Assigned Claims). I just want to
>> confirm as well, are you still visiting Commonwealth Community Care
>> Centers for treatment on your injuries? Let me know if you are still
>> actively treating your injuries to any other medical providers, we will
>> add/update the information here. Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:46?AM Betty Short 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Do you have anymore updates on my case?
>>>
>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023, 7:40 PM Betty Short 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you for the update
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023, 5:19 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>
>>>>> Right at this moment, we are trying to request records and bills from
>>>>> the medical providers that you're done visiting for treatment. And once we
>>>>> receive those documents, we will forward it to Nationwide Mutual Insurance
>>>>> (the insurance assigned by Kentucky Assigned Claims). I will keep you
>>>>> posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>
>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023 at 1:45?AM Betty Short 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Can you tell me what is going on with my case? I would really
>>>>>> appreciate it thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 10, 2023, 11:02 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> This is noted. Thank you, Ms. Betty.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 10, 2023 at 10:39?AM Betty Short 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Dr.Joseph N Atallah MD pain clinic sent me to the surgeon at the
>>>>>>>> promedica physicians Neuro Surgery Dr.Zakeri
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 8, 2023, 1:27 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley
>>>>>>>>> Law Firm. You mentioned before you had neck surgery in Ohio, we just need
>>>>>>>>> the lists of medical providers you have seen. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>

## 08:19:15

__Re: Whaley Law Firm - Checking Treatment Status__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [shortbetty19@gmail.com](mailto:shortbetty19@gmail.com) Betty Short
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 08:17:05 -0400

This is noted. Thank you for the information, Ms. Betty.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Sat, Sep 16, 2023 at 8:42?PM Betty Short  wrote:

> Ty do I need to call and get the information for you
>
> On Tue, Sep 12, 2023, 11:56 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>
>> I just want to confirm which location in Toledo Ohio that you had surgery
>> at? Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:45?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>
>>> At this time, we are still waiting to receive the copies of medical
>>> records and bills from all your medical providers. We need to get them all
>>> together before we can forward it to the Nationwide Mutual Insurance
>>> (the insurance assigned by Kentucky Assigned Claims). I just want to
>>> confirm as well, are you still visiting Commonwealth Community Care
>>> Centers for treatment on your injuries? Let me know if you are still
>>> actively treating your injuries to any other medical providers, we will
>>> add/update the information here. Thank you.
>>>
>>> Respectfully,
>>>
>>> Coleen Madayag
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>
>>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:46?AM Betty Short 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Do you have anymore updates on my case?
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023, 7:40 PM Betty Short 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Thank you for the update
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023, 5:19 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Right at this moment, we are trying to request records and bills from
>>>>>> the medical providers that you're done visiting for treatment. And once we
>>>>>> receive those documents, we will forward it to Nationwide Mutual Insurance
>>>>>> (the insurance assigned by Kentucky Assigned Claims). I will keep you
>>>>>> posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 16, 2023 at 1:45?AM Betty Short 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Can you tell me what is going on with my case? I would really
>>>>>>> appreciate it thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 10, 2023, 11:02 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> This is noted. Thank you, Ms. Betty.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 10, 2023 at 10:39?AM Betty Short <
>>>>>>>> shortbetty19@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Dr.Joseph N Atallah MD pain clinic sent me to the surgeon at the
>>>>>>>>> promedica physicians Neuro Surgery Dr.Zakeri
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 8, 2023, 1:27 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Betty,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley
>>>>>>>>>> Law Firm. You mentioned before you had neck surgery in Ohio, we just need
>>>>>>>>>> the lists of medical providers you have seen. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>

## 08:18:17

New Medical Provider Added
