---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/rajean-clay-mva-5-20-21/rajean-clay-mva-5-20-21|Rajean Clay MVA 5/20/21]]

## 12:32:56

Adjuster from Kentucky Farm Bureau called to state that KAC was denied due to non payment on the premium

## 11:56:53

__Amy Clute - Met Life  - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
CC:  
Date: 11 Jan 2022 05:17:15 -0800

From Name: Amy Clute
From Number: 800-854-6011 x 6609
From Company: Met Life 
 This caller's message is regarding Rajean Clay, claim number SLR 46451

Actions: Please contact
To: Aaron Whaley	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/11/2022 08:15 AM
Caller ID: METLIFE	8008546011
Ruby Receptionist: Sharene N.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.

## 11:54:44

1. Does RaJean Clay need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If RaJean Clay need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 11:54:45

Did RaJean Clay go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 11:54:47

1. Do we have the Police Report? Yes
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 11:54:48

Does RaJean Clay need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If RaJean Clay needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 11:54:49

Contact RaJean Clay at 502-340-7404 Main and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.

## 11:54:50

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? No. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? Yes. 
3. Is RaJean Clay the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? No.
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and RaJean Clay is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.
