---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-14

**Case:** [[cases/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-29-2022/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-29-2022|Leonta Sullivan MVA 06/29/2022]]

## 13:32:58

__Fwd: Here's your check from Legal Funding Partners for $400.00__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 13:32:40 -0400

I got Leonta a loan from a new company. I attached the contract she needs
to sign. The instructions for the check are below. I think she can either
attach a bank account and it will direct deposit or we can print the check
for her.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Legal Funding Partners 
Date: Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 12:43 PM
Subject: Here's your check from Legal Funding Partners for $400.00
To: 


From:
Legal Funding Partners
12005 Shelbyville Rd. Bld. 1 Suite B
Louisville, KY 40243

Memo:
Whaley
CHECK ENCLOSED

$400.00
Check #VV237
Payment to:
Leonta Sullivan
Get Check

It's free & secure. Link expires after 90 days, on 01/12/2023.

This check was issued on 10/14/2022. You may retrieve this check now or
save this email to go back and retrieve it later.
How to retrieve this check

   1. Retrieve the check from our secure online system
   2. Use a Deposit Service to send funds directly into your account for
   eligible payments
   OR
   Print a check on white paper, color ink recommended, and deposit

If the above link doesn't work visit:
https://retrievals.echecks.com/check_retrievals/zhG-HoDOZmaa8ZNkJdgr in
your browser.

Support

Email: support@deluxeechecks.com

Phone: 877-333-6964
Support

   - Email: support@deluxeechecks.com
   - Phone: 877-333-6964
   - Monday - Friday 7:00am - 7:00pm CT
   - Saturday Closed
   - Sunday Closed

------------------------------



-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:42:04

__Sullivan__
From: Michelle Mattingly [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com), [leontasullivanz1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:leontasullivanz1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Cc: [jason@capstrategies.net](mailto:jason@capstrategies.net) Jason Underwood
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 16:41:54 +0000

the check will come in a separate email From Deluxe EChecks.
________________________________
From: admin etscorns 
Sent: Friday, October 14, 2022 12:44 PM
To: Michelle Mattingly 
Subject: Scanned image from Etscorn & Sons

Reply to: Etscorn 
Device Name: Etscorn & Sons
Device Model: MX-2651
Location: Not Set

File Format: PDF MMR(G4)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

        http://www.adobe.com/

## 12:35:19

__Re: New funding__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com) Michelle Mattingly
Cc: [jason@capstrategies.net](mailto:jason@capstrategies.net), [LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 12:35:05 -0400

You can send it to me.

On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 12:34 PM Michelle Mattingly <
michelle@etscornproperties.com> wrote:

> Sounds good Aaron. Would you like me to email the check and contract to
> you or directly to the client?
> ------------------------------
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Friday, October 14, 2022 12:12 PM
> *To:* jason@capstrategies.net ; Michelle
> Mattingly 
> *Cc:* LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com <
> LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>
> *Subject:* New funding
>
> Client is Leonta Sullivan
> DOA: 6/29/22
> Passenger in car turning left with green light other car runs light and
> impacts side. CLient with closed head injury as well as neck and back
> complaints $12k in bills from ER and treating with chiro. Claim open with
> car she was in as well as a UM claim. Wants $400.
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:34:43

__Re: New funding__
From: Michelle Mattingly [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [jason@capstrategies.net](mailto:jason@capstrategies.net)
Cc: [LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 16:34:34 +0000

Sounds good Aaron. Would you like me to email the check and contract to you or directly to the client?
________________________________
From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Friday, October 14, 2022 12:12 PM
To: jason@capstrategies.net ; Michelle Mattingly 
Cc: LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com 
Subject: New funding

Client is Leonta Sullivan
DOA: 6/29/22
Passenger in car turning left with green light other car runs light and impacts side. CLient with closed head injury as well as neck and back complaints $12k in bills from ER and treating with chiro. Claim open with car she was in as well as a UM claim. Wants $400.

--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:13:05

__New funding__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jason@capstrategies.net](mailto:jason@capstrategies.net), [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com)
Cc: [LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 12:12:49 -0400

Client is Leonta Sullivan
DOA: 6/29/22
Passenger in car turning left with green light other car runs light and
impacts side. CLient with closed head injury as well as neck and back
complaints $12k in bills from ER and treating with chiro. Claim open with
car she was in as well as a UM claim. Wants $400.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
