---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-10

**Case:** [[cases/jamar-williams-mva-11-04-2022/jamar-williams-mva-11-04-2022|Jamar Williams MVA 11/04/2022]]

## 14:45:21

__New Fax Message from JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906 on 11/10/2022 1:45 PM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2022 18:45:12 +0000 (UTC)





    




    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Thursday, November 10, 2022 at 1:45 PM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    1
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:45:44

__LexisNexis BuyCrash - Receipt for Order__
From: LexisNexis  [noreply@risk.lexisnexis.com](mailto:noreply@risk.lexisnexis.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 10 Nov 2022 11:01:47 -0500 (EST)

 LexisNexis |BuyCrash- Receipt for Order

 
[image: LexisNexis®] 
BuyCrash 
*Thank you for your order.*

*Receipt for Order* 

* Last Name(s):* 

*Date of Incident:* 

*Location:* 

*Jurisdiction:* 

*Report Number:* 

*Report Type: * 

*Price for Report:* 

*Reference Number:* 
WILLIAMS 2022-11-04 I264 W LOUISVILLE METRO POLICE DEPT, KY 72825050 Accident 
Report $10.00 

*Purchasing Information* 

*Order Number:* 871959-576114 

*Name:* Aaron Whaley 

*Total Quantity: * 1 

*Total Amount: * $10.00 

*Payment Method* Visa 

*Credit Card Number* xxxxxxxxxxxx4217 

*Expire Date * 8/2025 

Your access and use of this report and these services is subject to the Terms 
and Conditions .
To view your report, Sign In to LexisNexis®BuyCreash 
 and select ?Downloaded Reports? link. 
Please note that you will only be able to download the purchased report 
until 2022-12-10. 

Please do not reply to this automated message. The information contained in 
this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use 
of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client 
communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and 
confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient 
or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that 
any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, 
please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.
Copyright©LexisNexis Risk Solutions  
| Privacy Policy  

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the 
personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message 
may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is 
privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this 
document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or 
copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete 
the original message.

## 12:39:39

Fax to Geico Insurance Company (202) 354-4691 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 12:33:58

Fax to Jefferson County Clerk (502) 584-3906 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 12:29:53

Called Geico - Rep advised when Client called in he stated he was not filing a claim (??) - Advised Rep Client needs PD set up & rental issued - Rep stated that Client needed to call back in - Advised Rep that Client retained us to take care of this for him - Rep then stated Claim is at 'Team Level' and no one is assigned to it - Advised Claim is a week old and someone needs to be assigned and get this handled - Rep Advised she would set up inspection & get rental set up #PIP

## 12:08:17

Jamar's mom call this am - wanted to make sure we had opened file for this MVA - as her son is using her car  - and she said he needs a rental ASAP....she needs her car #cc

## 12:07:09

Recvd Client Intake from BF yesterday - Opened in FileVine - Pulled PR #Intake #Investigation
