---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-04

**Case:** [[cases/hawa-andrews-mva-06-14-2022/hawa-andrews-mva-06-14-2022|Hawa Andrews MVA 06/14/2022]]

## 11:13:26

emailed signed release to mkeller@unitedfiregroup.com -#cc

## 12:08:25

Keller, Mark
12:05 PM (0 minutes ago)
to me
Thanks Faye, the settlement check was just issued.
confirming release (signed) was rec'd #cc 

Mark Keller
Sr. Claims Representative

UFG Insurance

## 09:55:50

__Hawa Andrews release__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Cc: [HawaAndrewsZ1772207@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HawaAndrewsZ1772207@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2022 09:55:35 -0400

Please sign and return to the BI adjuster Mark Keller. THanks.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 09:18:44

__Re: Claim# 1620285607 - Hawa Andrews__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mkeller@unitedfiregroup.com](mailto:mkeller@unitedfiregroup.com) Keller, Mark
Cc: [HawaAndrewsZ1772207@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HawaAndrewsZ1772207@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2022 09:18:30 -0400

Mark, as I have not received the check I presume you need the release prior
to issuing the check?

On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 4:22 PM Keller, Mark 
wrote:

> Aaron, please provide status on Hawa Andrews’ release. Thanks!
>
>
>
> Mark Keller
> Sr. Claims Representative
>
> UFG Insurance
> [image: Description: http://udirect/styleguide/downloads/EmailGraphic.png]
> P.O. Box 73909
>
> Cedar Rapids, IA 52407
>
> 409-766-5533 –Office
>
> 888-514-9190 –Fax
>
> mkeller@unitedfiregroup.com
>
> My normal office hours are 8:00 am – 4:30 pm CT
>
>
>
> This email may contain confidential, copyrighted or privileged
> information. If you are not the intended recipient or if you have received
> this email in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy this
> email. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material
> in this email is strictly forbidden. United Fire Group cannot warrant the
> integrity of this communication, or that it is void of errors, viruses or
> interference.
>
> As the Internet is not a fully secure environment, United Fire Group
> cannot ensure that this or any other email has not been interfered with
> during transmission. The sender, therefore, does not accept liability for
> any errors or omissions in the contents of this message that arise because
> of email transmission.
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
