---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-12

**Case:** [[cases/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020|David Carter MVA 7/8/2020]]

## 11:37:44

__Re: Potential new case__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com](mailto:kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com) Kathleen Napier, [davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) David Carter MVA 7/8/2020
Date: Fri, 12 Jan 2024 10:37:29 -0500

Kathleen, just checking it to see if Joey had a chance to take a look.
Thanks.

On Mon, Jan 8, 2024 at 12:13?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Kathleen, hope you had a great holiday. Just following up to see if Joey
> had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>
> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 4:44?PM Kathleen Napier <
> kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>
>> Hello Aaron We have received with the holidays Joey has been extremely
>> busy he will get with you as soon as possible
>> Thank you
>> Kathleen
>>
>> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 2:22?PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I just want to make sure you received what I sent on Decem ber 7.
>>>
>>> On Tue, Dec 19, 2023 at 8:59?AM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Circling back. Thanks.
>>>>
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, Dec 12, 2023 at 11:14?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I just wanted to confirm you were able to access the folder and see if
>>>>> you had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 11:16?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Here is a link to a dropbox folder with the police report and photos
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/1yzeqalza4k5j7c4l7vpt/h?rlkey=1g0qm080a4tpci39rdgwempbe&dl=0
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 10:58?AM Website Info <
>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Yes sir.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 9:44?PM Website Info <
>>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> I am free all day tomorrow if
>>>>>>>> You would like
>>>>>>>> To call? My cell is (606) 275-6043
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 3:36?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Joey, I hope this email finds you well. We worked together on a
>>>>>>>>> case that went to trial a few years ago with Jay Vaughn. I have a case I
>>>>>>>>> would like to go over with you and possibly retain your services on a
>>>>>>>>> reconstruction. Let me know how you would like to proceed. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>>
>>
>> --
>>
>> *Kathleen Napier*
>> *Office Manager*
>>
>> *PO Box 632 *
>> *Wooton, KY 41776*
>>
>> *Office (606) 279-6043*
>> *Cell (606) 275-5237*
>> *Fax (606) 279-6042*
>>
>> *Visit us on the web: www.stidhamreconstruction.com*
>>
>>
>> 
>>
>> Confidentiality:
>> This communication contains information which is confidential. It is for
>> the exclusive use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the intended
>> recipient(s) please be aware that any form of distribution, copying,
>> forwarding or use of this communication or the information therein is
>> strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this
>> communication in error please return it to the sender and then delete the
>> communication and destroy the copies.
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
