---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-19"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-19

**Case:** [[cases/joetorion-bush-mva-7-14-2023/joetorion-bush-mva-7-14-2023|JoeTorion Bush MVA 7/14/2023]]

## 12:03:42

__New Insurance Note:__ PD adjuster called in to get approval contacting client directly related to repair. Approved.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 12:03:04

__New Insurance Note:__ PD Adjuster- Amanda Henrick 469-997-6376
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 12:02:39

__New Insurance Note:__ PD Adjuster- Amanda Henrick 469-997-6376
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 10:22:45

__New Insurance Note:__  2023
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Geico Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 09:32:31

__FW: Automatic reply: J.Bush__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JoeTorionBushZ3824327@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JoeTorionBushZ3824327@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2023 09:32:29 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: OMB MEDICAL RECORDS REQUESTS  
Sent: Tuesday, July 18, 2023 2:47 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Automatic reply: J.Bush

 

 

Your email has been received and will be processed accordingly. 

 

Please note that due to short staffing, we are currently experiencing a SIX week turn around time for all regular requests. Subpoenas will be processed by the due date. We greatly apologize for the inconvenience, and ask for your patience and understanding while we work diligently to return requests in a timely manner. 

 

All requests are processed in the order that they are received. If you mailed your request, please allow 10 days from the date it was mailed for our office to receive it.

 

For urgent issues outside of the above, please call 502-574-4404.

 

Thanks, 

 

Randi Boren  

LMEMS Records Custodian 

  OMBMRR@Louisvilleky.gov  

Ph: 502-574-4404  

OMB/LMEMS Billing 

PO Box 34338 

Louisville, KY 40232 

Notice of Confidentiality:  This e-mail, including any attachments, is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential information that is legally privileged and exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are notified that any review, use, disclosure, distributing, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy (delete) all forms of the original message. 

 

 

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

## 09:14:16

__FW: GEICO claim Letter__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Jessa Galosmo'
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2023 09:14:14 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: do_not_reply@geico.com  
Sent: Wednesday, July 19, 2023 9:12 AM
To: JCHUMBLEY.WLF@GMAIL.COM
Subject: GEICO claim Letter

 


Company Name: GEICO Indemnity Company


GEICO Claim Correspondence

Attached is correspondence regarding your claim 8778707170000002.



If you would like to respond to this email, please select the "View Your
Claim" button to access the claim on geico.com and send a message to your
claims team or adjuster. 

  



If you are unable to open the attachment please go to this site and download
the free Adobe Acrobat Reader, http://get.adobe.com/reader/

Thank you,
GEICO Claims Team

   


   Do Not Reply
To This Email 

   

Information emailed in response to this message will not become part of your
claim file; submit your inquiries to contact us on geico.com. 

Government Employees Insurance Company | GEICO General Insurance Company |
GEICO Indemnity Company | GEICO Casualty Company | GEICO Advantage Insurance
Company | GEICO Choice Insurance Company |GEICO Secure Insurance Company |
GEICO County Mutual Insurance Company | Colonial County Mutual Insurance
Company | GEICO Marine Insurance Company | One GEICO Plaza, Washington, D.C.
20076

## 08:10:43

Request for bills sent to Diagnostic X-Ray Physicians via ChartSwap

## 08:06:22

New Medical Provider Added

## 07:59:32

Request for records & bills sent to Norton Women's & Children's Hospital via EpicLink

## 07:50:20

__JoeTorion Bush__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [OMBMRR@louisvilleky.gov](mailto:OMBMRR@louisvilleky.gov) OMB MEDICAL RECORDS REQUESTS
Cc: [JoeTorionBushZ3824327@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JoeTorionBushZ3824327@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2023 07:50:02 -0400

Hello,

Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, JoeTorion Bush.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm
