---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-31"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-31

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 08:05:59

__Fwd: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CodyKuchanMVAZ3868424@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CodyKuchanMVAZ3868424@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 31 Aug 2023 08:04:01 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Cody Kuchan 
Date: Wed, Aug 30, 2023 at 4:51?PM
Subject: Re: Personal injury claim
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


The car has been under progressives ownership and at their inspection site.
I signed the title over to them a couple weeks ago. I've been asking both
sides questions and I'm not getting any replies back from them. We need to
make sure allstate gives me my 2000 dollar deductible back to me as
progressive already took it off the settlement offer for my jeep.

On Wed, Aug 30, 2023, 4:44 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Mr. Cody,
>
> We received a letter from Allstate Insurance, stating that they will not
> be responsible for any towing and/or storage charges after 8/21/2023.
> Please move the vehicle to a storage location free of cost or a residence.
>
> Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:50?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>
>> We are still waiting for the medical records from Compass Emergency
>> Physicians. But we will make sure to follow up on them. Once we receive all
>> medical records and bills, we will forward it to your car insurance to
>> discuss the settlement. I'll keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:11?AM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>
>>> Hello just checking in on any updates
>>>
>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023, 2:53 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>
>>>> We just received the medical records and bills from St. Elizabeth Fort
>>>> Thomas Hospital yesterday. Right now, we are just waiting for the medical
>>>> records from Compass Emergency Physicians. Once we receive them, we can now
>>>> forward them to your car insurance to discuss the settlement. I'll keep you
>>>> posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>
>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>
>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023 at 2:15?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Any updates?
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Aug 24, 2023, 8:24 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> In regards to your question, we can't give you yet an answer for the
>>>>>> value of your case until you're finished with your treatment and when we
>>>>>> receive the medical records and bills from your medical providers. Until
>>>>>> then we don't know the full extent of your injuries and medical bills. We
>>>>>> will keep you posted once we have all the information and when there's any
>>>>>> updates on your case. Thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Also, I have a couple questions.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
>>>>>>> And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and
>>>>>>> suffering? I was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week
>>>>>>> and had to move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this
>>>>>>> accident really threw me off course
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about your
>>>>>>>> claim and/or case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Hi Coleen,
>>>>>>>>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim. My
>>>>>>>>> phone is currently broke.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
