---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-04

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 14:50:33

__FW: [External] 0724880000__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Bryce Koon'
Date: Wed, 4 Oct 2023 14:50:26 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Allstate Insurance  
Sent: Wednesday, October 4, 2023 1:38 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: [External] 0724880000

 

   


 




Claim 0724880000

 





  


We have completed a review of your demand for Cody Kuchan, and respectfully deny your demand of $75,000.  Your client arrived by private car to the ER and was found to have 3 fractured ribs, abrasions to his lower extremities and other areas of pain and soreness.  He was treated and released and received no follow up care.  I realize this was a front impact to the vehicle and that your client would have to heal from his injuries.  His medical specials all fall within PIP.  

 

Allstate Insurance Company on behalf of its insured Amanda and Robert Eades and Brianna Perkins, will pay to you and your client the sole sum of $3,800 in exchange for a full and final release of all claims arising out to the automobile accident of 8/5/2023. 

 

This offer is exclusive of any PIP subrogation claim which will be handled separately, however it is inclusive of any and all other claims including any third party derivative claims including but not limited to liens, subrogation claims, rights of reimbursement or any other interest held by health care providers, health insurance carriers, workers compensation carriers, Medicare, Medicaid or ERISA backed policy arising out of medical expenses incurred by, or medical services rendered to, your client as a result of the above referenced accident/loss. 

 

As a condition of settlement, the claimant will be required to execute a full release of all claims which will include an indemnity and hold harmless agreement regarding any and all potential derivative claims mentioned above. We're here to help. If you need additional information, please contact us.

 

Please advise if you have discussed this offer with your client and if you wish to proceed with settlement.

 

MELISSA ELLISON
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (615) 874-6839
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FRa66a95d69d5e43 ***

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com   
Sent: Monday, Sep 11, 2023 8:51 AM 
To: claims@claims.allstate.com   
Subject: [External] 0724880000 





Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363












Did you find this email useful?



  

  


  


  MyClaim   |     Tools & Resources   |     Allstate.com

	

This email was sent to you at justin@whaleylawfirm.com  


? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.   Privacy Statement   |     Contact Us

	
	

P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T


EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:

## 14:49:35

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 10/4 Initial offer 3,800
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations
