---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-23"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-23

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 13:42:42

__Fwd: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2023 13:40:50 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

I received an email from our client, Cody Kuchan asking for an estimate on
how much he will get and if there's a compensation for pain and suffering?
I just want to ask as well if what would be the process in regards to the
compensation for pain and suffering that our clients are experiencing?
Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Cody Kuchan 
Date: Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM
Subject: Re: Personal injury claim
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


Also, I have a couple questions.

What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and suffering? I
was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week and had to
move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this accident
really threw me off course

On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Mr. Cody,
>
> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about your claim
> and/or case. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>
>> Hi Coleen,
>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim. My phone
>> is currently broke.
>>
>

## 10:17:20

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Received an email from client stating that his phone is currently broke, we can contact him for any updates on his case via his email: kuchanc2@gmail.com 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: August 23 2023

## 10:17:02

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:16:04

__Re: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kuchanc2@gmail.com](mailto:kuchanc2@gmail.com) Cody Kuchan
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2023 10:13:58 -0400

Hi Mr. Cody,

This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about your claim
and/or case. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan  wrote:

> Hi Coleen,
> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim. My phone is
> currently broke.
>
