---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-28"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-28

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 16:51:56

__Re: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kuchanc2@gmail.com](mailto:kuchanc2@gmail.com) Cody Kuchan
Date: Mon, 28 Aug 2023 16:50:02 -0400

Hi Mr. Cody,

We are still waiting for the medical records from Compass Emergency
Physicians. But we will make sure to follow up on them. Once we receive all
medical records and bills, we will forward it to your car insurance to
discuss the settlement. I'll keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:11?AM Cody Kuchan  wrote:

> Hello just checking in on any updates
>
> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023, 2:53 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>
>> We just received the medical records and bills from St. Elizabeth Fort
>> Thomas Hospital yesterday. Right now, we are just waiting for the medical
>> records from Compass Emergency Physicians. Once we receive them, we can now
>> forward them to your car insurance to discuss the settlement. I'll keep you
>> posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023 at 2:15?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>
>>> Any updates?
>>>
>>> On Thu, Aug 24, 2023, 8:24 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>
>>>> In regards to your question, we can't give you yet an answer for the
>>>> value of your case until you're finished with your treatment and when we
>>>> receive the medical records and bills from your medical providers. Until
>>>> then we don't know the full extent of your injuries and medical bills. We
>>>> will keep you posted once we have all the information and when there's any
>>>> updates on your case. Thank you.
>>>>
>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>
>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Also, I have a couple questions.
>>>>>
>>>>> What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
>>>>> And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and
>>>>> suffering? I was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week
>>>>> and had to move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this
>>>>> accident really threw me off course
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about your
>>>>>> claim and/or case. Thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Coleen,
>>>>>>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim. My
>>>>>>> phone is currently broke.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
