---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-12"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-12

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 16:48:49

__Fwd: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CodyKuchanMVAZ3868424@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CodyKuchanMVAZ3868424@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2023 16:46:35 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Cody Kuchan 
Date: Tue, Sep 12, 2023 at 12:35?PM
Subject: Re: Personal injury claim
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


This is all i have as of injury pics

On Tue, Sep 12, 2023, 10:43 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Mr. Cody,
>
> I just want to confirm if you have any updated injury photos, if any
> injuries left a scar? You can reply/send the photos here. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
> On Thu, Sep 7, 2023 at 9:52?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>
>> Right now, your case is in the phase of demand in progress wherein we are
>> now preparing for a demand letter to be sent to the insurance company for
>> them to review for the settlement. We will get back to you for an update
>> once we complete the demand letter and all the documents to be sent to
>> them. Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Wed, Sep 6, 2023 at 4:26?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Colleen,
>>> I'm just checking in on an update
>>>
>>> On Fri, Sep 1, 2023, 8:08 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Cody,
>>>>
>>>> This is noted. I will let Atty. Whaley know about this as well and I'll
>>>> just keep you posted. Thank you.
>>>>
>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>
>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 30, 2023 at 4:51?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> The car has been under progressives ownership and at their inspection
>>>>> site. I signed the title over to them a couple weeks ago. I've been asking
>>>>> both sides questions and I'm not getting any replies back from them. We
>>>>> need to make sure allstate gives me my 2000 dollar deductible back to me as
>>>>> progressive already took it off the settlement offer for my jeep.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 30, 2023, 4:44 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> We received a letter from Allstate Insurance, stating that they will
>>>>>> not be responsible for any towing and/or storage charges after 8/21/2023.
>>>>>> Please move the vehicle to a storage location free of cost or a residence.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:50?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> We are still waiting for the medical records from Compass Emergency
>>>>>>> Physicians. But we will make sure to follow up on them. Once we receive all
>>>>>>> medical records and bills, we will forward it to your car insurance to
>>>>>>> discuss the settlement. I'll keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:11?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hello just checking in on any updates
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023, 2:53 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> We just received the medical records and bills from St. Elizabeth
>>>>>>>>> Fort Thomas Hospital yesterday. Right now, we are just waiting for the
>>>>>>>>> medical records from Compass Emergency Physicians. Once we receive them, we
>>>>>>>>> can now forward them to your car insurance to discuss the settlement. I'll
>>>>>>>>> keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023 at 2:15?PM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Any updates?
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 24, 2023, 8:24 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> In regards to your question, we can't give you yet an answer for
>>>>>>>>>>> the value of your case until you're finished with your treatment and when
>>>>>>>>>>> we receive the medical records and bills from your medical providers. Until
>>>>>>>>>>> then we don't know the full extent of your injuries and medical bills. We
>>>>>>>>>>> will keep you posted once we have all the information and when there's any
>>>>>>>>>>> updates on your case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Also, I have a couple questions.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
>>>>>>>>>>>> And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and
>>>>>>>>>>>> suffering? I was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week
>>>>>>>>>>>> and had to move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this
>>>>>>>>>>>> accident really threw me off course
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about
>>>>>>>>>>>>> your claim and/or case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> kuchanc2@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Coleen,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> claim. My phone is currently broke.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>

## 10:43:16

__Re: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kuchanc2@gmail.com](mailto:kuchanc2@gmail.com) Cody Kuchan
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2023 10:41:01 -0400

Hi Mr. Cody,

I just want to confirm if you have any updated injury photos, if any
injuries left a scar? You can reply/send the photos here. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Thu, Sep 7, 2023 at 9:52?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Mr. Cody,
>
> Right now, your case is in the phase of demand in progress wherein we are
> now preparing for a demand letter to be sent to the insurance company for
> them to review for the settlement. We will get back to you for an update
> once we complete the demand letter and all the documents to be sent to
> them. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Wed, Sep 6, 2023 at 4:26?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>
>> Hi Colleen,
>> I'm just checking in on an update
>>
>> On Fri, Sep 1, 2023, 8:08 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Cody,
>>>
>>> This is noted. I will let Atty. Whaley know about this as well and I'll
>>> just keep you posted. Thank you.
>>>
>>> Respectfully,
>>>
>>> Coleen Madayag
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>
>>> On Wed, Aug 30, 2023 at 4:51?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>>
>>>> The car has been under progressives ownership and at their inspection
>>>> site. I signed the title over to them a couple weeks ago. I've been asking
>>>> both sides questions and I'm not getting any replies back from them. We
>>>> need to make sure allstate gives me my 2000 dollar deductible back to me as
>>>> progressive already took it off the settlement offer for my jeep.
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 30, 2023, 4:44 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>
>>>>> We received a letter from Allstate Insurance, stating that they will
>>>>> not be responsible for any towing and/or storage charges after 8/21/2023.
>>>>> Please move the vehicle to a storage location free of cost or a residence.
>>>>>
>>>>> Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>
>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:50?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> We are still waiting for the medical records from Compass Emergency
>>>>>> Physicians. But we will make sure to follow up on them. Once we receive all
>>>>>> medical records and bills, we will forward it to your car insurance to
>>>>>> discuss the settlement. I'll keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:11?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hello just checking in on any updates
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023, 2:53 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> We just received the medical records and bills from St. Elizabeth
>>>>>>>> Fort Thomas Hospital yesterday. Right now, we are just waiting for the
>>>>>>>> medical records from Compass Emergency Physicians. Once we receive them, we
>>>>>>>> can now forward them to your car insurance to discuss the settlement. I'll
>>>>>>>> keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023 at 2:15?PM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Any updates?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 24, 2023, 8:24 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> In regards to your question, we can't give you yet an answer for
>>>>>>>>>> the value of your case until you're finished with your treatment and when
>>>>>>>>>> we receive the medical records and bills from your medical providers. Until
>>>>>>>>>> then we don't know the full extent of your injuries and medical bills. We
>>>>>>>>>> will keep you posted once we have all the information and when there's any
>>>>>>>>>> updates on your case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Also, I have a couple questions.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
>>>>>>>>>>> And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and
>>>>>>>>>>> suffering? I was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week
>>>>>>>>>>> and had to move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this
>>>>>>>>>>> accident really threw me off course
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about
>>>>>>>>>>>> your claim and/or case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan <
>>>>>>>>>>>> kuchanc2@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Coleen,
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim.
>>>>>>>>>>>>> My phone is currently broke.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
