---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-09"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-09

**Case:** [[cases/shawna-mickens-premise-07-29-2021/shawna-mickens-premise-07-29-2021|Shawna Mickens Premise 07/29/2021]]

## 14:08:02

__Shawna Marie Mickens__
From: Shawna Mickens  [mickens202@gmail.com](mailto:mickens202@gmail.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 9 Oct 2023 13:13:24 -0400

Happy Monday!

These are not numbered correctly but the answers are in order.

Please let me know if there’s anything else that in need to do or if this needs to be attached to the document you sent me? 


Shawna Marie Mickens
11/22/1985
H-111 Donard Park Ave
B-2001 Hikes Ln
P-502-802-0251
405-27-7158
Tax Preparer, Accountant & Branding Consultant

Cornell Bradley - 502-777-9704
Witnessed the accident and saved me. He stopped in traffic to come help me.

There where a lot of people out there but I don’t have any of their information

Cornell Bradley - 502-777-9704
Witnessed the accident and saved me. He stopped in traffic to come help me.

All of the doctors that have serviced me at all of the facilities. All of the therapists as well. I don’t have the individual information on hand it’ll have to be found in my case.
Cornell Bradley - 502-777-9704 -Witnessed the accident and saved me. He stopped in traffic to come help me. There are other witnesses but I don’t have their information. The Omni has a camera that goes to the point of the accident
Cornell Bradley - 502-777-9704-Witnessed the accident and saved me. He stopped in traffic to come help me.
All of the doctors, therapist, surgeons and neurologist that have treated me - will ha e to get that info from my medical records
Photos, witness, camera footage from Omni
I have brain damage I can still feel symptoms of trauma after two and a half years, my upper back, neck, leg, calf, lower back by my tail bone,knee and ankle all still hurt regularly. Sometimes my body locks up. I’ve had ailments and issues I’ve never experienced in my life since having this accident.
For the first 9 months of my injury my brain felt like thousands of needles where stabbing it in the back of my head. I couldn’t lay on the side of impact for two years.The next year after the accident I had extremely severe headaches, issues processing information, I could barely work at all. I had fixation issues. I didn’t know until the Dr. was able to identify what was happening. I can be looking at something but not be able to see the entire picture. My brain would fill it in. When I started brain therapy my fixations where in the 12 percentile of America now they’re around the 88 percentile after beeping in brain therapy for 9 months.

My lawyer will have to calculate the fees with me. We’ll have to reach out to the doctors to see how much I’ve paid and how much my insurance has paid.

I was barely able to work over 18 months and I lost customers and relationships that I’ve had for 6-7 years because I wasn’t able to process information the same after the accident. I experienced pain no human should have to endure. Sometimes it’s hard to believe I made it through it because of how horrific it was.

I’ve grossed up to hundreds of thousands annually in my career. So I would say I have a high earning potential.

Things that I currently suffer from regularly are anxiety, nervousness, issue with completion, I’m often worried when there’s nothing to be worried about, I get exasperated easily, I still have fixation issues time to time. I don’t have headaches as often over the last 8 months but when I do have them they can be debilitating.

When I don’t have brain therapy my quality of life is extremely low. I’ve tried to stop going 3-4 times. The first two times I would cry for 6-8 hours straight. I have issues controlling my emotions now. I never had any issues like this before my injury.

I don’t know

None
I got my GED when I was 16 or 17. After a couple of years I went to JCC for a couple of years. I got a job at a corporate office making $52,000 and started my journey of entrepreneurship on the side. I went on to be the youngest black women in Kentucky to have multiple Liberty Tax Franchises @ the age of 26 and that started the journey I’ve been on in the financial industry. Now I hold several certifications, I have a health and life Insurance license and I have a multitude of other certifications.

Gannet Telemarketing 2000-2003 -processed pre-approvals for discover credit card, Sam club and political surveys
Ace Cash Express- Center Manger for all 6 locations, cashed checks,process loans, issued prepaid visas, setup check directs for customers on social security, top seller in district entire career with company.
UPS/2009-2011 Admin, used air hub and other auxiliary programs to input shipping data. Worked on a super unload Mod U. Very fast pace, 2nd busiest area in world freight facility - I left because Papa Johns promoted me to a position that worked until 3:30am. There was no way for me to do both so I put in my notice
Papa Johns Corporate office / 2010-2015 Customer Service for almost my first year &Tech Support Analyst for the rest of my tenure - I quit to have my franchises full time.
Liberty Tax October 2008- tax preparer - 2012 -2017 Franchisee- 2017- current contractor -Prepare taxes, open and close office, handle all inventory, review all tax returns before being transmitted to the IRS,b2b relationships, marketing, hiring, teach tax school and so much more.
The Entrepreneur Connect - Branding Business 2019-current, Photo shoots, coordinate conferences, commercials & Speed Networking at the Speed Museum annual event, received proclamation from the city. The next event is 10/27/2024. Had to take off due to my injury this year. I’ve had some serious scares with my health.
Louisville Urban League 8/29/2022- 9/27/2023 Accountant - corporate & grant compliance, AP processed over 1 million in housing assistance, account manager for several projects in the city. Worked on other projects that I can’t share due to NDA you have to sign. My position has been eliminated due to contracts of projects I worked on not being renewed. I start receiving severance 10/13/23 until 2/2/2024
I worked at Nike for almost 4 years I don’t remember the exact dates. I’ve held numerous other positions. I don’t remember them all or the time frames.
I couldn’t work at all for 9 months because I couldn’t process information clearly. After that I had trouble with completion. It would take me 4-6 months to do work I could complete in 1-2 days. I lost a lot of clients and relationships. I will have to sit down with my lawyer to quantify this loss and go through invoices
The side walk was busted open and the scooter wheel dipped in the hole and threw me head first into a brick building. If the sidewalk was not damaged the accident wouldn’t have happened
I don’t remember. We would have to look at my medical records for this Information
We will have to look at my medical records. I’ve had to go to a lot of doctors since the accidents.
I hit my head on a brick building going around 12-15mph. This has resulted In TBI, my left knee was fractured, it’s still in pain, my calf is in excruciating pain half the time, my body completely locks up sometimes and I can’t move, I have severe back pains in the upper and lower back, my neck locks up sometimes and my lymphoid pops out and that locks up my body where I physically can’t move. I have pains in my hands and arms, sometimes my ankles. Sometimes I have really good days and I’m able to be active and feel kind of normal & some days I can barely move. I never know how the day is going to go. I’ve learned a lot of exercises at therapy that I do that unlock my body most of the time so I can go and do day to day activities and make it to work but sometimes I have to go to the chiropractor, PT or doctor to get back moving again
I’ve never applied for any social security disability benefits for myself ever. And I don’t remember any details about workers comp. I’ll need my la
