---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-25

**Case:** [[cases/whitney-duncan-mva-7-17-21/whitney-duncan-mva-7-17-21|Whitney Duncan MVA 7/17/21]]

## 15:32:32

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 25 Apr 2022 15:24:36 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 13:13:56

__Re: FW: Claim#:046285463-11 - Diyun Byars & Whitney Duncan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [DiyunByarsMVAZ954640@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DiyunByarsMVAZ954640@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [WhitneyDuncanMVAZ954795@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:WhitneyDuncanMVAZ954795@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 25 Apr 2022 13:13:38 -0400

Let clients know

On Thu, Apr 21, 2022 at 3:20 PM  wrote:

>
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Jokantas, Jennifer 
> *Sent:* Thursday, April 21, 2022 3:19 PM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Subject:* Claim#:046285463-11 - Diyun Byars & Whitney Duncan
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Hi Justin,
>
>
>
> This email will confirm my conversation with Aaron Whaley today, April 21,
> 2022, in which we extended an offer of $14,100 exclusive of pip for Whitney
> Duncan and $11,500 exclusive of pip for Diyun Byars.
>
>
>
> Please contact me if you have any questions.
>
>
>
> Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> Jennifer Jokantas
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> *Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *
>
>
> *View claimstatus *
>
>
> *Check paymentinformation *
>
>
>
> *View your ClaimsRepresentative'sinformation *
>
> [image: Login ?] *Login  ?*
> 
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 046285463},{Exposure-Number : 11},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> BIFREEFORM_SF}]
>
>
> Policy Underwritten by *Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois*
>
> ©2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
> Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
> WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
> Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
> states and the District of Columbia.
>
> Jennifer Jokantas, AIC, SCLA
> Claims Resolution Specialist II
>
> Casualty Claims
>
> Liberty Mutual Insurance
>
> P.O. Box 5014
>
> Scranton, PA  18505-5014
>
> Direct Phone: 317-805-2624
>
> Fax: 866-567-1252
>
> Business Hours: Monday through Friday (7:00 AM to 4:00 PM EST)
>
>
>
> All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
> protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
> encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile
> .
>
>
>
> For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all
> correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!
>
>
>
> *To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to **www.libertymutual.com/privacy
> *
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
