---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-27

**Case:** [[cases/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/jean-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Jean Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 12:23:41

Sent CRR to Family Health Centers (PCP) via Fax - Requested 1 year prior to Current #CRR

## 12:05:30

Fax to Family Health Centers (502) 434-5903 <small>Page Count:3</small>

## 11:57:43

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:58:31

__Re: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarbrough MVA 3/14/22
Date: Tue, 27 Jun 2023 10:58:19 -0400

Called Jean this morning to discuss previous providers - Family Health
Center is PCP - Will Send CRR today
She also had questions about a settlement agreement she came too with the
finance company for her vehicle - She did not have insurance to cover PD -
They have agreed to discharge the account if she makes 6 months of payments
and would like to discuss 'how that will play out'
She also had questions about being unable to work due to her lack of
transportation - Advised it will be taken into consideration - Did not
elaborate on 'consideration'

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jun 26, 2023 at 11:51?AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> We need to get prior medical records from client. We also need to send a
> demand with whatever medical information we do have.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Patricia J. Trombetta 
> Date: Thu, Jun 22, 2023 at 3:53?PM
> Subject: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court
> Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021
> To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com , Joel
> Franklin 
>
>
> Good afternoon Aaron and Joel,
>
>
>
>                 Shortly after the depositions of the parties I left on an
> extended 3 week vacation and am still trying to dig out. First time I ever
> took that much time and the last time based on what I came back to.
>
>                 In any event it was noted at the deposition that we do
> not have much in the way of medical information and it is my recollection
> that one of you was going to follow up on that.  My last records are May
> 2022.
>
>                 Specifically, prior medical records on Carmella are
> necessary as she had several prior accidents.
>
>                 Also have you made a settlement demand yet?
>
>
>
> Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
>
> This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are
> confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
> entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or
> the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended
> recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in
> error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of
> this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.
> If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify
> us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bsphlaw.com. Please
> shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You
> will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 10:53:17

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called Client to verify previous providers - She stated Family Health Center - E Broadway is her PCP and she has not seen anyone else in the last 2-5 years - She did mention a previous herniation about 9 years that did not show up on imaging - Advised that Bulging & Herniated disc are similar, 1 is just more severe than the other - Client also asked about the fact she has been unable to work due to her lack of transportation (she did not have insurance to cover PD) advised Client that would be taken into consideration - Client also asked about her negotiated agreement with her car loan provider - She owed $8k on the vehicle and they have settled for her to make 6 months worth of payments to settle out the account - She would like to discuss that agreement in more detail - Advised Client that would definitely be a question for AW or BK to address and would send them an email - Client is happy to hear things are moving forward. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: June 27 2023

## 10:52:58

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
