---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-19"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-19

**Case:** [[cases/candie-detty-mva-05-04-2022/candie-detty-mva-05-04-2022|Candie Detty MVA 05/04/2022]]

## 10:36:20

__RE: #049668887 Claim#:049668887-04__
From: Warren, Tiffany [tiffany.warren@libertymutual.com](mailto:tiffany.warren@libertymutual.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [candiedettyz2044003@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:candiedettyz2044003@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Candie Detty
Date: Mon, 19 Feb 2024 14:36:09 +0000



[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fecc16717d67067e/m/1/Safeco+logo_3x.png]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fecc16717d67067e/m/1/Go+Confidently_3x.png]

Hello Aaron,

Attached you will find the release as agreed upon for the above referenced claim ( Caleb Slusher & Candie Detty). Also, the check is also being submitted with the agreement it won’t be cashed until the release is returned to me signed, by the necessary parties.

Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.

Sincerely,

Tiffany Warren

________________________________
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fecc16717d67067e/m/1/Laptop+Icon_3x.png]
Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account.
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_Clipboard_3x.png]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_Dollar_3x.png]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_person_3x.png]
View claim
status
Check payment
information
View your Claims
Representative's
information
[Login  ?]<https://eclaims.safeco.com/selection> 049668887},{Exposure-Number : 04},{Category : Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id : BIFREEFORM_SF}]

Policy Underwritten by Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois
©2024 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.
Tiffany Warren,
Claims Resolution Specialist
————————————
Liberty Mutual and Safeco Insurance
PO Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014
Direct Dial: 630-791-6284
Tiffany.Warren@libertymutual.com



From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Wednesday, February 14, 2024 12:50 PM
To: Warren, Tiffany ; Candie Detty 
Subject: {EXTERNAL} #049668887

Tiffany I hope this email finds you well. It's easier to communicate this way than to navigate the Liberty Mutual menus.I understand you made an initial offer for Candie of $1,211.24 and $1,000 for Caleb Would you be able to resolve both of these for $3,000 each? Let me know.

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
