---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-28

**Case:** [[cases/james-tj-trumbo-mva-12-18-2021/james-tj-trumbo-mva-12-18-2021|James "TJ" Trumbo MVA 12/18/2021]]

## 14:11:07

@stuttle Please see if you can find the EMS bill and/or call for the amount. Also - not sure what is going on with the UofL records but it looks like it is just the EMS records and not the records for the ER visit? Please help - need to get a demand over to DC soon

## 16:33:50

New Lien added

## 15:48:34

New Lien added

## 14:03:24

Spoke to DC. Defendant still has not been served but is no longer insured by Geico and DC has no contact information. However, DC wants us to send him a demand. JC to request EvenUp demand. When it comes in I will need to edit it a bit to add some language about defendant driver duty, given the facts of the case.

## 13:30:20

A missed call for Bryce  Koon was logged at 2024-03-28 17:24:31.101000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 4787444030 

Caller ID: 478-744-4030 

Caller Name: Amanda Mosley 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16418813 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hi, this is Amanda Mosley with GEICO. I was calling concerning James Trump. I understand suits been filed. You know we have been looking at court net or rather Mike Filipo, defense attorney. You know you have been checking that monitoring the docket and there it is not showing service. I was trying to confirm if you had proof of service against Leslie and if you could for that to us or over to Mike Filipo. Also curious if you could go ahead and forward over your clients medical so we can begin reviewing. You know, while we are waiting on service, may as well keep things in motion. I am sure you have Mike's information if You just wanted to send it to him, he could pass along to me, but if you want to for it to us directly my facts, numbers 202-354-4691 and then our claim number, it is 873893305, there are 6 consecutive zeros and then the number 1 my phone number, if you have any questions is 478744.
