---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-11"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-11

**Case:** [[cases/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020|Nadine Robinson Premise 12/19/2020]]

## 14:01:01

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM from yesterday - Returned her call - She just had some questions about the Motion Hour Results - Advised her Def has 14 days to respond to packet of questions sent to her months & months ago - If they do not respond we can file for Sanctions - Explained Sanctions are penalties paid to the court - She expressed understanding & looks forward to things moving forward 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: October 11 2023

## 14:00:41

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:56:40

__New Voice Message from LOUISVILLE   KY (502) 965-6685 on 10/10/2023 3:56 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 10 Oct 2023 19:56:36 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685 
*Received:* Tuesday, October 10, 2023 at 3:56 PM 
*Length:* 00:52 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, ad in here. He Sweetie. The attorney called me on Monday and 
told me that you guys just got out of court with my landlord anyways. Hey, 
can you give me a call at 502-965-6685. If you can not reach me on that 
number, you know, I have multiple numbers. And you want you can call me at 
502-744-9654. And I think that other guy I think his name is Corey, the 1 
that is representing me anyways. John, if can you give him that number 2 as 
well? And then you know all my other numbers to thank you. Thank you for 
Getting things done for my sister. All right, love you, Kito, bye bye. I 
got to hang up here, but I am trying to fix my daughters." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
