---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-05"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-05

**Case:** [[cases/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020|Nadine Robinson Premise 12/19/2020]]

## 17:36:56

__Re: Urgent Voice Message from LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685 on 12/05/2023 3:34 PM__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [nadinerobinsonz954728@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:nadinerobinsonz954728@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Nadine Robinson
Date: Tue, 5 Dec 2023 16:36:39 -0500

I will have one drafted tomorrowOn Dec 5, 2023, at 4:04 PM, Aaron Whaley  wrote:?file motion for sanctions including default judgmentOn Tue, Dec 5, 2023 at 3:58?PM Sarena Tuttle  wrote:I'm not sure what to tell her at this point. DC is simply unresponsive & uncooperative. Seems like BK has spoken to him a couple times the last 30-60 days but it was just excuses why he has not provided Disc Req Resp... We filed Motion to Compel in October - DC given 14 days - Still nothing to dateSarena M. TuttleLitigation Paralegal &Workers' Compensation Case ManagerThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 357-9971O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)---------- Forwarded message ---------From: RingCentral Date: Tue, Dec 5, 2023 at 3:34?PMSubject: Urgent Voice Message from LOUISVILLE   KY (502) 965-6685 on 12/05/2023 3:34 PMTo: Sarena Tuttle 



    






    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Voice Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Sarena Tuttle,
                                
                                    You have a new voice message:

                                
                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    LOUISVILLE   KY (502) 965-6685
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Tuesday, December 05, 2023 at 3:34 PM
                                
                                
                                    Length:
                                    00:18
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle
                                
                            
                            
                                
                                    Voicemail Preview:

                                
                                
                                    "Sarena, this is Nagging. I am trying to find out what is going on here. I have not heard anything again. It is been almost 2 months now. This is a little crazy here. Anyways, give me a call, thanks. 502-965-6665."
                                
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        
                                            Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your 
                                            RingCentral account
                                            with your main number, extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral account.
                                        
                                    
                                
                            
                            

                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.,
                        20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
                    
				

			
		
	



        
    
    




-- Aaron WhaleyWhaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LnLouisville, KY 40222502-583-4022

## 17:04:42

__Re: Urgent Voice Message from LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685 on 12/05/2023 3:34 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [nadinerobinsonz954728@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:nadinerobinsonz954728@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Nadine Robinson
Date: Tue, 5 Dec 2023 16:04:11 -0500

file motion for sanctions including default judgment

On Tue, Dec 5, 2023 at 3:58?PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> I'm not sure what to tell her at this point. DC is simply unresponsive &
> uncooperative. Seems like BK has spoken to him a couple times the last
> 30-60 days but it was just excuses why he has not provided Disc Req Resp...
> We filed Motion to Compel in October - DC given 14 days - Still nothing to
> date
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Tue, Dec 5, 2023 at 3:34?PM
> Subject: Urgent Voice Message from LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685 on
> 12/05/2023 3:34 PM
> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear Sarena Tuttle,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685
> *Received:* Tuesday, December 05, 2023 at 3:34 PM
> *Length:* 00:18
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Sarena, this is Nagging. I am trying to find out what is going on here. I
> have not heard anything again. It is been almost 2 months now. This is a
> little crazy here. Anyways, give me a call, thanks. 502-965-6665."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyrighttps://app.ringcentral.comll rights reserved. RingCentral and the
> RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
> Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 17:00:11

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 17:00:04

__Urgent Voice Message from LOUISVILLE   KY (502) 965-6685 on 12/05/2023 3:34 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 5 Dec 2023 20:34:56 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LOUISVILLE KY (502) 965-6685 
*Received:* Tuesday, December 05, 2023 at 3:34 PM 
*Length:* 00:18 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Sarena, this is Nagging. I am trying to find out what is going on here. I 
have not heard anything again. It is been almost 2 months now. This is a 
little crazy here. Anyways, give me a call, thanks. 502-965-6665." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
