---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-19

**Case:** [[cases/johnnea-hall-wc-mva-12-14-2023/johnnea-hall-wc-mva-12-14-2023|Johnnea Hall WC/MVA 12/14/2023]]

## 14:22:47

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.02.19 Called Adj & Emailed - Client available for WC RS tomorrow anytime after 12
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Kentucky Employer Mutual Insurance
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 14:21:12

__Re: Claimant Questionnaire (Handwritten) for Johnnea Lawrence__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Jenny McCord  [jmccord@kemi.com](mailto:jmccord@kemi.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Feb 2024 13:20:04 -0500

Good afternoon Jenny,
     The Attorneys have approved the requested Recorded Statement & Mrs.
Hall will be available tomorrow anytime after 12:00pm.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Feb 16, 2024 at 2:08?PM Jenny McCord  wrote:

> Hello.
>
>
>
> Thank you for taking the time to speak to me today.  I have attached the
> questionnaire we discussed earlier.  Please have your client, Johnnea
> Lawrence, complete the form and once complete, please send back to me.
> Please let me know if you have any questions.
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
> *Jenny McCord*
>
> *Compensability Investigation and Claims Specialist*
>
> Kentucky Employers' Mutual Insurance (KEMI)
>
> PO Box 12500, Lexington, KY 40583-2500
>
> [o] 859-389-1131  [e] jmccord@kemi.com
>
> *Rate your customer service experience today:*
>
> *[image: Bad]*
> 
>
> *[image: Okay]*
> 
>
> *[image: Good]*
> 
>
>
>
> 
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Notice: The information contained in this email is confidential and may be
> privileged and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity it
> is addressed to. If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure,
> copying, distribution or use of the contents of this message is prohibited.
> If you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify
> us by return e-mail or telephone at (859)425-7800.
>

## 14:19:44

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:18:54

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd BKs Approval of WC RS - Also Recvd DocuSign Notice Client viewed WC Intake - Did not received Completed Notice

Called Client to discuss both - She will recheck Intake Packet & make sure she clicks Finish - She is available tomorrow after 12 for WC RS - Advised I will send Notice to WC Adj McCord

Client advised that Mo w/Starlight keeps calling her about Insurance Information - I have LVM for Gail Advising this is a WC Claim & PIP will deny - Client advised Mo to contact us directly as previously discussed - Client is not happy with Txing at Starlight - She advised they have ordered 24 more visits and she feels this is excessive - Advised Client that we will review Tx in more detail after WC RS as WC will probably assign her to a new provider - Client expressed understanding 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: February 19 2024

## 10:46:17

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax  [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 16 Feb 2024 15:13:27 -0500

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 10:38:19

__Johnnea Lawerence Hall viewed Thank you for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm - Workers Compensation Intake__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Sat, 17 Feb 2024 06:01:22 -0800

Hello Johnnea Lawerence Hall,   

At 2/17/2024 6:01:22 AM PST, Johnnea Lawerence Hall opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley WC Client Intake Packet - Adult.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=b9ff5085-9700-479e-8b99-ccdb2d361a13

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi13vRwn1lHeSS_Qnu_wbqWez4UHofp9_8iiNSNvIgtfGNcEURPVIaoVnLfcjQRdItcWVlkmIg5b7KWR2Nqv7_J0vZvIIZUSrr0mo51Z8B5G82thYcQV212pwvvBhY8PeU78VJNsIt8QZ129J67EZy056MI02u8TUgQO0qrFtI79RX8x6xgU0xJs-5e2Bz6bBwtowdTBKvGzlzV0ncGR_4ZgtdudlAjv40AdvNuNk94ICnkNizeriz0ydjbCbsz9aGHUxmp2H_VpFA15urn7RGJTlmvUmsvEqjaTlZ9J9OgmRRi1kk8YMNMMrmDS32GuKiFkJWRzHw4mTGdlWN6PN35HFTQyhI8bNXPalykrQBQ2mCuv3cUXHmtfdg0m8AlHw-8oAybvpGq_tJXFhBh10YXzr67D15cadVPpw3jwy0QvwvTa-R9ahMsa2GfGKitc_ebU&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend
