---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-15"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-15

**Case:** [[cases/joseph-todd-metcalf-mva-09-06-2021/joseph-todd-metcalf-mva-09-06-2021|Joseph "Todd" Metcalf MVA 09/06/2021]]

## 17:30:10

__Re: Money expenses__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Todd Metcalf  [toddmetcalf08@gmail.com](mailto:toddmetcalf08@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2024 16:28:53 -0500

Thank you so much. I will finalize your responses tomorrow and send them to
you to review and verify via DocuSign.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 2:22?PM Todd Metcalf 
wrote:

> my occupation at the time of first time, Hussey Copper Eminence Ky,
> Operations Manager
> I was unable to work for 4 days due to dizziness, and continuous getting
> sick. My brain stopped bleeding after about 5-6 months then came back in
> April 2023  but I was working at Purem of Louisville at that time, and have
> gotten a little better but still require help sometimes walking on uneven
> ground. The Doctors informed me the only way to get rid of it is to have
> surgery but that will require going out of state, they will not do it here
> because of its location.
> Primary Care Russell Bird Baptist Eastpoint, Nerosurgery Specialist Dr.
> Shervin Dashti Norton's Brownsboro, Nero PT Norton's Brownsboro
> My daughter was the only witness there, she was in the car with me and the
> other driver was alone.
> I was taking my daughter to meet her friends at the movie theater. I got
> off of 64w and was in the left hand lane and turned left onto Blankenbaker.
> We remained in the left hand lane and turn left on Bluegrass parkway (I
> think is the name) and we stay in the left hand lane because the movie
> theater was on the left, when I noticed a car speeding coming up behind me
> then they whipped into the right hand lane and passed me once he got in
> front of me he turned sideways into my lane and throwing his door open
> blocking the entire lane. I tried to slam on my brakes to keep from hitting
> him but could not stop in time. We hit his open door and went up on the
> median, I had to back up to get off his car and that is when he ran up to
> my door cursing and screaming that I had cut him off but we had been in the
> Left hand lane from the time we exited the interstate to where the wreck
> took place.
> I do not receive any workers comp or SS. My doctors told me since the
> dizziness isn't bad while sitting that I can drive, but for the walking and
> balance on my feet are a major issue it's completely changed my life.
>
> On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 1:54?PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Thank you for the update.
>>  Can you please take a few minutes and answer the question portion of the
>> discovery request?
>>
>> Your Occupation & Employer Information?
>> Were you placed off work due to your injuries?
>> Do you have any permanent impairment and/or scarring: Please send updated
>> photos.
>> Please provide a complete list of related Doctors including to your PCP.
>> (To ensure we have all providers listed in your file)
>> List any witnesses you are aware of.
>> Provide a full description of the accident in your own words.
>> Do you recieve any workers compensation, social security or other
>> benefits?
>>
>> Once you answer these we can finalize your responses to the Defense
>> Counsel. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give us a
>> call to discuss them in further detail.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 1:40?PM Todd Metcalf 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Sarena, I looks like i am approximately $5000 out of pocket on wages and
>>> medical expenses my insurance didn't cover so far.
>>>
>>> Thanks
>>>
>>> Todd Metcalf
>>>
>>

## 17:29:55

__Re: Money expenses__
From: Todd Metcalf  [toddmetcalf08@gmail.com](mailto:toddmetcalf08@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2024 14:22:21 -0500

my occupation at the time of first time, Hussey Copper Eminence Ky,
Operations Manager
I was unable to work for 4 days due to dizziness, and continuous getting
sick. My brain stopped bleeding after about 5-6 months then came back in
April 2023  but I was working at Purem of Louisville at that time, and have
gotten a little better but still require help sometimes walking on uneven
ground. The Doctors informed me the only way to get rid of it is to have
surgery but that will require going out of state, they will not do it here
because of its location.
Primary Care Russell Bird Baptist Eastpoint, Nerosurgery Specialist Dr.
Shervin Dashti Norton's Brownsboro, Nero PT Norton's Brownsboro
My daughter was the only witness there, she was in the car with me and the
other driver was alone.
I was taking my daughter to meet her friends at the movie theater. I got
off of 64w and was in the left hand lane and turned left onto Blankenbaker.
We remained in the left hand lane and turn left on Bluegrass parkway (I
think is the name) and we stay in the left hand lane because the movie
theater was on the left, when I noticed a car speeding coming up behind me
then they whipped into the right hand lane and passed me once he got in
front of me he turned sideways into my lane and throwing his door open
blocking the entire lane. I tried to slam on my brakes to keep from hitting
him but could not stop in time. We hit his open door and went up on the
median, I had to back up to get off his car and that is when he ran up to
my door cursing and screaming that I had cut him off but we had been in the
Left hand lane from the time we exited the interstate to where the wreck
took place.
I do not receive any workers comp or SS. My doctors told me since the
dizziness isn't bad while sitting that I can drive, but for the walking and
balance on my feet are a major issue it's completely changed my life.

On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 1:54?PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Thank you for the update.
>  Can you please take a few minutes and answer the question portion of the
> discovery request?
>
> Your Occupation & Employer Information?
> Were you placed off work due to your injuries?
> Do you have any permanent impairment and/or scarring: Please send updated
> photos.
> Please provide a complete list of related Doctors including to your PCP.
> (To ensure we have all providers listed in your file)
> List any witnesses you are aware of.
> Provide a full description of the accident in your own words.
> Do you recieve any workers compensation, social security or other benefits?
>
> Once you answer these we can finalize your responses to the Defense
> Counsel. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give us a
> call to discuss them in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 1:40?PM Todd Metcalf 
> wrote:
>
>> Sarena, I looks like i am approximately $5000 out of pocket on wages and
>> medical expenses my insurance didn't cover so far.
>>
>> Thanks
>>
>> Todd Metcalf
>>
>

## 15:00:36

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:55:50

__Re: Money expenses__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Todd Metcalf  [toddmetcalf08@gmail.com](mailto:toddmetcalf08@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2024 13:54:15 -0500

Thank you for the update.
 Can you please take a few minutes and answer the question portion of the
discovery request?

Your Occupation & Employer Information?
Were you placed off work due to your injuries?
Do you have any permanent impairment and/or scarring: Please send updated
photos.
Please provide a complete list of related Doctors including to your PCP.
(To ensure we have all providers listed in your file)
List any witnesses you are aware of.
Provide a full description of the accident in your own words.
Do you recieve any workers compensation, social security or other benefits?

Once you answer these we can finalize your responses to the Defense
Counsel. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to give us a
call to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 15, 2024 at 1:40?PM Todd Metcalf 
wrote:

> Sarena, I looks like i am approximately $5000 out of pocket on wages and
> medical expenses my insurance didn't cover so far.
>
> Thanks
>
> Todd Metcalf
>

## 14:55:38

__Money expenses__
From: Todd Metcalf  [toddmetcalf08@gmail.com](mailto:toddmetcalf08@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2024 13:40:08 -0500

Sarena, I looks like i am approximately $5000 out of pocket on wages and
medical expenses my insurance didn't cover so far.

Thanks

Todd Metcalf
