---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-27

**Case:** [[cases/jamar-williams-dual-wc-pl-12-21-2021/jamar-williams-dual-wc-pl-12-21-2021|Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021]]

## 15:40:29

__Jamar Wiliams #1E01E011355145__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [emily.marshall@esis.com](mailto:emily.marshall@esis.com), [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:40:13 -0500

Emily, I hope this email finds you well. We sent a letter of rep on behalf
of our client Jamar Williams for a fall that occurred on the GreeTree Mall
Property. We received the attached letter from you that this had been
tendered to AXA XL who you claimed was the insurance carrier for Millard
Mall Services. AXA XL sent us the attached stating that they do not insure
Millard Mall Services. I am trying to figure out who the proper parties
are. My client fell and was injured at Green Tree Mall. The owner of this
property would be responsible. The owner may have various lease agreements
with other responsible parties as well as there may be parties involved who
are responsible due to responsibility over the area my client fell.

While there are multiple parties that does not necessarily mean that any
one party is absolved. There may be a claim against Green Tree Mall by my
client and Green Tree Mall may have a claim for contribution from the other
parties.

I don't really want to get into litigation to try and find out the proper
party here. Do you contend your insured is not responsible or just that
other parties are as well? The party you gave to us has thus far not
responded. The insurer says they are not the insurer and the Demand we sent
directly to Millard Mall Services was returned as vacant.

Any help would be appreciated. Thanks.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:39:11

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-02-27 19:29:45.430000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 9134912173 

Caller ID: (913) 491-2173 

Caller Name: Emily Marshall 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/8565334

## 15:08:01

__Re: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on 02/27/2023 12:02 PM__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:07:18 -0500

We sent LOR to Green Tree Mall directly, They submitted the claim to their
Insurance company ESIS - ESIS stated they are not responsible since they
have a janitorial/porter service, Millard Mall Service. ESIS sent notice &
we followed with AXA AL who according to ESIS covered Millard Mall - AXA AL
stated they do not insure Millard Mall - We sent Demand direct to Millard
Mall Services, Returned as Vacant - Sent to Reg Agent, signed for on
12/29/2022, No response since...

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:59?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> I will update him. Thats why I want the TLDR version of where we are. So I
> can figure out the best course from here.
>
> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:54 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> I have provided him with the most recent information several times.
>> At this point, I'm sure he will be frustrated for me to tell him the same
>> thing again.
>> The Demand was signed for by Millard's Registered Agent on 12/29/2022.
>> How would you like to proceed since we still have not received any
>> response from Millard?
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:20?PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Summarize where we are on finding a responsible party and insurance.
>>>
>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>>> From: RingCentral 
>>> Date: Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 12:12 PM
>>> Subject: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on
>>> 02/27/2023 12:02 PM
>>> To: aaron whaley 
>>>
>>>
>>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>>> ------------------------------
>>>
>>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>>
>>> You have a new voice message:
>>> *From:* WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284
>>> *Received:* Monday, February 27, 2023 at 12:02 PM
>>> *Length:* 00:26
>>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>>
>>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>>> " Hello, my name is jamal Williams and I was wondering if John if you
>>> all have gotten in contact with the Green Tree mortgage insurance people.
>>> I'm guessing wondering if you could call me back at 812-391-6284. Thank
>>> you."
>>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>>> account  with your main number,
>>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>>> RingCentral account.
>>>
>>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>>
>>> ------------------------------
>>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you
>>> need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in
>>> one app. Get started 
>>>
>>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>>> our Terms of Use .
>>>
>>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
>>> CA 94002, USA.
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 15:00:06

__Re: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on 02/27/2023 12:02 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 13:59:43 -0500

I will update him. Thats why I want the TLDR version of where we are. So I
can figure out the best course from here.

On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:54 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> I have provided him with the most recent information several times.
> At this point, I'm sure he will be frustrated for me to tell him the same
> thing again.
> The Demand was signed for by Millard's Registered Agent on 12/29/2022.
> How would you like to proceed since we still have not received any
> response from Millard?
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:20?PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Summarize where we are on finding a responsible party and insurance.
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: RingCentral 
>> Date: Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 12:12 PM
>> Subject: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on
>> 02/27/2023 12:02 PM
>> To: aaron whaley 
>>
>>
>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>
>> You have a new voice message:
>> *From:* WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284
>> *Received:* Monday, February 27, 2023 at 12:02 PM
>> *Length:* 00:26
>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>
>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>> " Hello, my name is jamal Williams and I was wondering if John if you all
>> have gotten in contact with the Green Tree mortgage insurance people. I'm
>> guessing wondering if you could call me back at 812-391-6284. Thank you."
>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>> account  with your main number,
>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>> RingCentral account.
>>
>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
>> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
>> app. Get started 
>>
>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>> our Terms of Use .
>>
>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
>> CA 94002, USA.
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:57:00

Recvd Client VM from AW requesting me to provide status of finding responsible party - Replied - Advised Client has been advised of this information several times at this point - Requested additional information as to how we are to proceed - Demand was signed for 12/29/2022 by Reg Agent of Def - No Response Recvd to date - #Review

## 14:54:52

__Re: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on 02/27/2023 12:02 PM__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 13:54:28 -0500

I have provided him with the most recent information several times.
At this point, I'm sure he will be frustrated for me to tell him the same
thing again.
The Demand was signed for by Millard's Registered Agent on 12/29/2022.
How would you like to proceed since we still have not received any response
from Millard?

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:20?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Summarize where we are on finding a responsible party and insurance.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 12:12 PM
> Subject: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on
> 02/27/2023 12:02 PM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284
> *Received:* Monday, February 27, 2023 at 12:02 PM
> *Length:* 00:26
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> " Hello, my name is jamal Williams and I was wondering if John if you all
> have gotten in contact with the Green Tree mortgage insurance people. I'm
> guessing wondering if you could call me back at 812-391-6284. Thank you."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
> CA 94002, USA.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 14:20:44

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on 02/27/2023 12:02 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamarwilliamsdualz1038474@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 13:20:23 -0500

Summarize where we are on finding a responsible party and insurance.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 12:12 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on
02/27/2023 12:02 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284
*Received:* Monday, February 27, 2023 at 12:02 PM
*Length:* 00:26
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hello, my name is jamal Williams and I was wondering if John if you all
have gotten in contact with the Green Tree mortgage insurance people. I'm
guessing wondering if you could call me back at 812-391-6284. Thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
