---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-02

**Case:** [[cases/jamar-williams-dual-wc-pl-12-21-2021/jamar-williams-dual-wc-pl-12-21-2021|Jamar Williams Dual (WC/PL) 12/21/2021]]

## 13:38:24

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM - Returned Client Call - Client just wanted to check for update - Stated he does not see case online - Advised Claim has been filed & Summons have been issued - Awaiting Service - Advised in KY cases immediately show up but in Indiana they may wait until proof of service - Advised unclear on that but possibly - Advised I would check in with BK & SW (Indy Atty) for additional details & give him a call back 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: January 02 2024

## 13:38:15

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:34:47

__New Voice Message from WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 on 01/02/2024 12:23 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 2 Jan 2024 17:23:51 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WILLIAMS,FELICE (812) 391-6284 
*Received:* Tuesday, January 02, 2024 at 12:23 PM 
*Length:* 00:12 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, this is Jam Williams. Wondering if you could call me back at 
812-391-6284. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 13:23:58

Received call from Jamar asking to speak to Atty. transferred to Sarena
