---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-07"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-07

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021|Jamie Noble MVA 12/11/2021]]

## 14:21:19

__Fwd: Medical Care__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 7 Jun 2023 14:20:50 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jamie Noble 
Date: Wed, Jun 7, 2023 at 1:55?PM
Subject: Re: Medical Care
To: Aaron Whaley 


Right now I don't have any money to do anything and I don't have a place to
live no car to drive
On Jun 7, 2023 1:53 PM, "Jamie Noble"  wrote:

> I waited almost a year because I didn't want to catch covid and lose my
> life I have COPD where I've been struck driver for 25years .
> On Jun 7, 2023 1:44 PM, "Jamie Noble"  wrote:
> >
> > No one said I need surgery but my wrist is hurting so bad I'm fixing to
> go to the emergency room. I'd hoped that it would get better by now but
> it's not looking like that's going to happen.
> >
> > On Jun 7, 2023 12:56 PM, "Aaron Whaley" 
> wrote:
> >>
> >> In the records I have reviewed I do not see a surgery recommendation.
> Who told you that you needed surgery? To be clear, the first medical
> provider you saw was on 12/07/22 which is almost a year after the accident.
> Correct?
> >>
> >> On Wed, Jun 7, 2023 at 12:48?PM Jamie Noble 
> wrote:
> >>>
> >>> No I have not, but I am going to have to make me an appointment with a
> specialist because the pain in my wrist is becoming unbearable.  I really
> need to have the surgery done but rather not do it here in Hazard,but I
> have no transportation to get to Lexington or Pikeville and also I'm
> currently staying in my dads basement which is not an ideal place for
> recovering after a surgery.
> >>>
> >>> On Jun 6, 2023 2:30 PM, "Aaron Whaley" 
> wrote:
> >>>>
> >>>> Jamie, I hope you are well. I was reviewing your case today and had
> some questions. I see that the accident was 12/11/2021. We have two medical
> providers listed for you ARH Regional Hospital and Quantum Healthcare. We
> have records back from both providers and only list one visit by you on
> 12/07/2022. Have you seen any other Dr.'s, hospitals or medical providers
> of any kind other than these two since 12/11/2021?
> >>>>
> >>>> --
> >>>> Aaron Whaley
> >>>> Whaley Law Firm
> >>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
> >>>> Louisville, KY 40222
> >>>> 502-583-4022
> >>>>
> >>
> >>
> >> --
> >> Aaron Whaley
> >> Whaley Law Firm
> >> 712 Lyndon Ln
> >> Louisville, KY 40222
> >> 502-583-4022
> >>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
