---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-05

**Case:** [[cases/laesha-gates-mva-12-19-2022/laesha-gates-mva-12-19-2022|Laesha Gates MVA 12/19/2022]]

## 11:13:24

__FW: FW: Starlite Patients__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Sun, 5 Nov 2023 10:13:21 -0500

Not sure what to do here

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Starisha Curry  
Sent: Sunday, November 5, 2023 9:34 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Re: FW: Starlite Patients

 

Justin, I don't have access to Starlites client files or records. 

 

On Thu, Nov 2, 2023 at 8:11?AM  > wrote:

See below regarding Laesha Gates. Can you send this stuff to me?

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  > 
Sent: Wednesday, November 1, 2023 5:28 PM
To: Gail Sweasy  >
Cc: Muhammad Alif  >; Justin Chumbley  >
Subject: Re: Starlite Patients

 

What kind of fax machine do you have? Most faxes can be saved as PDFs as a faxing destination. Our fax machine should also be your scanner.

 

On Wed, Nov 1, 2023 at 5:21?PM Gail Sweasy  > wrote:

Aaron,

We have sent 5 of these patients previously but we are resending them again. I am sorry but I do not have a scanner to email. They will have to be faxed. I have sent

what I have on Alicia Gates....Her charges prior to DEC. need to be requested thru Star at Annointed Hands. Her billing is on her software.

 

thanks

 

Gail

 

On Wed, Nov 1, 2023 at 4:33?PM Aaron Whaley  > wrote:

Gail, I will follow up on this and the other emails you sent me after I get the records and bills for the following clients. Please email. Do not fax. Email the records and bills to justin@whaleylawfirm.com   and cc me on the emails. I don't understand why I have to keep asking.

Laesha Gates

Stephanie High

Myron Malone

Dewayne Ware

Mark Bush

Ashlee Williams

Andrea Terell

Hussein Pemba

 

On Wed, Nov 1, 2023 at 1:49?PM Gail Sweasy  > wrote:

I would like to request  pip log for Stephanie High. 

Can you release pip on Eugene Obiazi balance is $4,470.

Can you release pip on Myrone Malone?

 

Thanks,

 

Gail/biller




 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

 




 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

 




 

-- 

Starisha Curry

Director Of Operations

Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab

Phone: 502-601-1245

Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
