---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-18

**Case:** [[cases/andrea-terrell-mva-7-26-2023/andrea-terrell-mva-7-26-2023|Andrea Terrell MVA 7/26/2023]]

## 09:29:47

__Re: 3004823792023__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Vo.Shawn@aoins.com](mailto:Vo.Shawn@aoins.com) Vo, Shawn
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:27:37 -0400

Hi Shawn,

Just to give you an update. I'm still waiting for Ms. Andrea Terrell's
response for the location of the vehicle. I tried asking Vakeisha Knight,
also our client and the passenger on that day of the motor
vehicle accident, the last time she knew it was at Louisville Police
Impound/Louisville Metro Impound Lot. Still waiting for Ms. Terrell's
confirmation of the location. I also advised on the message I left to move
the vehicle in a location free of cost or residence. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 2:16?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Shawn,
>
> This is noted. I will ask our client about the location of the vehicle and
> get back to you once I obtain information. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 1:55?PM Vo, Shawn  wrote:
>
>> Coleen,
>>
>>
>>
>> After reviewing the video footage and other supporting documents, we will
>> be accepting only 80% liability for this accident and the resulting
>> damages. Based off our investigation, it appears that your clients vehicle
>> was going an excessive speed and this played a role in the accident.
>>
>>
>>
>> Moving forward, I will need to know where Ms. Terrell vehicle is as we
>> will need it to remove it from the storage location if it is incurring
>> storage.
>>
>>
>> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
>> lexington branch
>>
>> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
>> f: 859-971-4210
>> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>>
>> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
>> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 11:51 AM
>> *To:* Vo, Shawn 
>> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] Re: 3004823792023
>>
>>
>>
>> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's
>> vehicle at this moment? Is that correct? Thank you. Respectfully, Coleen
>> Madayag Whaley Law Firm Ph: (502)450-9495 Fax: (502)364-9363 coleen@
>> whaleylawfirm. com On Fri, Sep
>>
>> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's
>> vehicle at this moment? Is that correct?
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you.
>>
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>>
>>
>> On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 11:33?AM Vo, Shawn  wrote:
>>
>> Hi,
>>
>>
>>
>> Can you please provide me the location of the vehicle?
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you,
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
>> lexington branch
>>
>> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
>> f: 859-971-4210
>> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>>
>> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
>> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 10:32 AM
>> *To:* Vo, Shawn ; Lexington.Clm <
>> Lexington.Clm@aoins.com>
>> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 3004823792023
>>
>>
>>
>> Hi, Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know
>> if you were able to access it. Thank you. https: //drive. google.
>> com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing Respectfully,
>> Coleen Madayag Whaley Law FirmPh:
>>
>> Hi,
>>
>>
>>
>> Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know if
>> you were able to access it. Thank you.
>> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing
>> 
>>
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>>

## 09:18:53

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to ask for the exact location of her vehicle that was used on the day of the mva, if it;s in an incurring storage, need to move it to a location free of cost or a residence so there will be no extra storage charges/fees. No answer from client, left vm. Sent text message and email. Will also ask Vakeisha Knight if she may know the location. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 18 2023

## 09:18:35

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:16:41

Hi Ms. Andrea, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need to know the exact location of your vehicle. If it's in an incurring storage, please move it to a location free of cost or a residence so there will be no extra storage charges/fees. Thank you.

## 09:16:00

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to know the location of your vehicle__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [andreaterrell505@gmail.com](mailto:andreaterrell505@gmail.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:13:52 -0400

Hi Ms. Andrea,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need to know the exact location
of your vehicle. If it is in an incurring storage, please move it to a
location free of cost or a residence so there will be no extra storage
charges/fees. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 08:36:10

__Phase Changed By:__ Coleen Thea
__Old Status:__ File Setup
__New Status:__ Treatment
 #status

## 08:35:52

Phase Change: Treatment
