---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-30

**Case:** [[cases/andrea-terrell-mva-7-26-2023/andrea-terrell-mva-7-26-2023|Andrea Terrell MVA 7/26/2023]]

## 15:35:45

__Andrea Terrell MVA 7/26/2023 - client wants to speak with Atty. Whaley__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 15:33:43 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

I just returned a call to our client, Ms. Andrea Terrell, she wants to know
how long the investigation will be done because she is handicap right now,
and it has been difficult for her to wait more days or weeks for this to be
fixed. She stated that it was not her fault, the other party hit her.
Informed her that I just spoke with the insurance adjuster today and
informed her that they are still under investigation and will notify us
again once they're done. She wants to speak with you, Atty. Whaley because
she cannot wait any longer for this. She stated that this investigation
doesn't make sense because it was not her fault.

Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 15:15:14

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Returned the call to client, she wants to know how long the investigation will be done because she is handicap right now, and it has been difficult for her to wait more days or weeks for this to be fixed. Informed her that I just spoke with the insurance adjuster and informed her that they are still under investigation. She stated that it was not her fault, the other party hit her. She wants to speak with Atty. Whaley because she cannot wait any longer for this. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: August 30 2023

## 15:14:55

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 15:06:11

__Re: New Voice Message from CHANNAEL AMBER (502) 677-8031 on 08/30/2023 2:13 PM__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Date: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 15:04:12 -0400

Thank you, Ms. Faye. Done calling Ms. Andrea Terrell.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Wed, Aug 30, 2023 at 2:53?PM Faye Gaither  wrote:

> This is Andrea Terrell. please give her a call. Thanks
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Wed, Aug 30, 2023 at 2:13?PM
> Subject: New Voice Message from CHANNAEL AMBER (502) 677-8031 on
> 08/30/2023 2:13 PM
> To: Faye Gaither 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear Faye Gaither,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* CHANNAEL AMBER (502) 677-8031
> *Received:* Wednesday, August 30, 2023 at 2:13 PM
> *Length:* 00:13
> *To:* (502) 357-9939 * 103 Faye Gaither
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Hey, miss, this is Andrew. Can you call me back at 50268780 .1 I am
> talking about on AM car. Thank you, have a great day."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
> RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
> Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
>

## 15:05:14

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-08-30 18:58:45.427000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5026778031 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 677-8031, Personal Mobile:(502) 677-8031 

Caller Name: Andrea Terrell 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/17017744

## 13:57:25

__New Insurance Note:__  but they are leaning towards not being liable for this accident. They will inform us again once they are done with the investigation.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Auto Owners Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea
