---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-19

**Case:** [[cases/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022|Larry Burke MVA 07/31/2022]]

## 09:35:19

Recvd email from Client - They received the Southeastern Emergency Phys Bill on Larry - $4,626.00 - Advised them to call and provide PIP information & to forward a copy of any billing to us #cc #mb

## 09:33:03

__Re: Medical bill__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Tara Martin  [taradeeann14@gmail.com](mailto:taradeeann14@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 09:31:19 -0400

Good morning Tara,
    Please forward a copy of any billing you guys receive to us to be added
to your file. You are welcome to call them and provide them with the
Personal Injury Protection Claim information listed below.
      How are you guys doing & how is treatment going? Please be sure to
keep us posted on any changes in your treatment plan or if either of you
are sent for imaging or referral to any type of specialist.

PIP Claim: State Farm Mutual Insurance
Adjuster: Erin Abraham
(844) 292-8615 Ext 6787318905
Claim Number: 17-37Z1-65H


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Sep 15, 2022 at 2:29 PM Tara Martin  wrote:

> Hi Serena I just wanted to check with you to see what we should do....
> Larry got a bill from Southeastern emergency physicians 4626 I was
> wondering what I needed to do with it it is the emergency room bill from
> the date of the car accident.  They are requesting that we contact them and
> give them the auto insurance company information so they can bill them for
> this I just wanted to know from you what is the proper thing we should
> do...i look forward to hearing from you thanks and have a great day!
>

## 09:32:49

__Medical bill__
From: Tara Martin  [taradeeann14@gmail.com](mailto:taradeeann14@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 15 Sep 2022 14:29:10 -0400

Hi Serena I just wanted to check with you to see what we should do....
Larry got a bill from Southeastern emergency physicians 4626 I was
wondering what I needed to do with it it is the emergency room bill from
the date of the car accident.  They are requesting that we contact them and
give them the auto insurance company information so they can bill them for
this I just wanted to know from you what is the proper thing we should
do...i look forward to hearing from you thanks and have a great day!
