---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-11

**Case:** [[cases/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022|Larry Burke MVA 07/31/2022]]

## 09:46:07

__17-37Z1-65H__
From: "AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com"  [automedicalclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:automedicalclaims@statefarm.com)
To: "SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM"  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 23:02:53 +0000


______________________________
E-mail automatically created by the free PDFCreator
www.pdfforge.org

______________________

## 09:45:29

Recvd Updated PIP Log - $4,000.00 Issued to Firm 04.10.2023

## 09:43:56

__[Encrypt] Payment log attached.__
From:  [home.clms-services.914b00@statefarm.com](mailto:home.clms-services.914b00@statefarm.com)
To:  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 22:59:17 +0000

You’ve received a secure message from State Farm®. If this is your first Proofpoint secure message, a new account will need to be created prior to opening any messages. Click here https://pe-encrypt.statefarm.com/formpostdir/securereader?id=pEDHQhLledE8EBwbj32Zy0N_0NL09z42&brand=3993e80ababa08f55  by 2023-06-14 22:59 UTC to read your message.    Please do not reply to this message with confidential information. If you wish to reply, use the REPLY feature within the secure message.    Secure Messages are only stored for 65 days. If you need to keep a message for a longer duration, please use the Save As function after opening the email to create a local copy. Please note saving a message will remove the protections. Ensure you are properly securing any encrypted message you save.    If you’re having technical issues, contact our Customer Care Center (CCC) at 888-559-1922.  Please ask the representative to include “Proofpoint” in the ticket description.    Thank you for choosing State Farm. We appreciate your business!
