---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-26

**Case:** [[cases/johnnea-hall-wc-mva-12-14-2023/johnnea-hall-wc-mva-12-14-2023|Johnnea Hall WC/MVA 12/14/2023]]

## 14:40:49

__Re: Johnnea Lawrence Hall / Barrister Capital__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [rachael@barristercapital.com](mailto:rachael@barristercapital.com) Rachael Grider Hayes, [JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Johnnea Lawrence Hall - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2024 13:40:32 -0500

BI is a good and accepted liability. All claims are open. Severe damage to
the car. I am good with it.

On Mon, Feb 26, 2024 at 1:32?PM Rachael Grider Hayes <
rachael@barristercapital.com> wrote:

> Good afternoon
>
>
>
> Ms. Hall wants $1000 from us. Can you advise where you are in her case?
> She said this is both WC and BI. Are you handling both?
>
>
>
> Client intake – DOL: 12/14/23. lady ran red light. WC claim. no payments
> from WC yet. just her and driver. police report. both insured. took self to
> er later. treating with chiro. injuries: back and neck and leg pain. still
> employed - has been off since accident. no child support or bankrutpcy.
> needing $1000 502-539-7300
>
>
>
> Thank you!
>
>
>
> *Please send all mail to 8888 Keystone Crossing, Ste 1610 Indianapolis,
> IN 46240
>
>
>
> Phone: 502-897-5001
>
> Mailing Address: 8888 Keystone Crossing
>
> Ste 1610
>
> Indianapolis, IN 46240
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:25:49

__Re: New Voice Message from TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300 on 02/26/2024 12:58 PM__
From: Faye Gaither [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Johnnea Lawrence Hall - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2024 13:25:29 -0500

Done.

Faye

On Mon, Feb 26, 2024 at 1:09?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Would you give her Barrister Capital contact information? THanks.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Mon, Feb 26, 2024 at 12:59?PM
> Subject: New Voice Message from TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300 on
> 02/26/2024 12:58 PM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300
> *Received:* Monday, February 26, 2024 at 12:58 PM
> *Length:* 00:41
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Hello, Aaron. This is John Lawrence Hall and I am calling to you because
> listen, man, my landlord keeps trying to put me out and I was I was calling
> to see if you could put me through to the loan people because I have state
> farm insurance or whatever, but I really need to get at least a thousand
> dollars to my landlord because he keeps trying to cook the out, you know,
> and I do not have a way to go, I can not move, I can not walk, I can not
> stand, I can not do none of that. So, um, if you please give me a call back
> at 502-53-9703 100. Thank you. So much, all right."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
> RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
> Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 14:11:33

__Fwd: New Voice Message from TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300 on 02/26/2024 12:58 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Johnnea Lawrence Hall - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2024 13:09:08 -0500

Would you give her Barrister Capital contact information? THanks.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Feb 26, 2024 at 12:59?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300 on 02/26/2024
12:58 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* TWYMAN JEFFREY (502) 539-7300
*Received:* Monday, February 26, 2024 at 12:58 PM
*Length:* 00:41
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, Aaron. This is John Lawrence Hall and I am calling to you because
listen, man, my landlord keeps trying to put me out and I was I was calling
to see if you could put me through to the loan people because I have state
farm insurance or whatever, but I really need to get at least a thousand
dollars to my landlord because he keeps trying to cook the out, you know,
and I do not have a way to go, I can not move, I can not walk, I can not
stand, I can not do none of that. So, um, if you please give me a call back
at 502-53-9703 100. Thank you. So much, all right."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:10:06

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:09:15

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Call from Client - Checking status of WC Claim & asking about 'a program' to help her with her bills - Advised Client since she is a WC Claimant she is not eligible for Legal Lending - She expressed understanding - Advised as soon as WC Adj receives some additional documentation she will be able to make a compensability decision & we will update her asap 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: February 26 2024

## 14:00:54

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2024-02-26 17:57:30.579000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 5025397300 

Caller ID: : 502-539-7300 

Caller Name: Johnnea Lawrence Hall 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18992453 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hello, Aaron. This is John Lawrence Hall and I am calling to you because listen, man, my landlord keeps trying to put me out and I was I was calling to see if you could put me through to the loan people because I have state farm insurance or whatever, but I really need to get at least a thousand dollars to my landlord because he keeps trying to cook the out, you know, and I do not have a way to go, I can not move, I can not walk, I can not stand, I can not do none of that. So, um, if you please give me a call back at 502-53-9703 100. Thank you. So much, all right.

## 13:31:22

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Sarena Tuttle'
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2024 12:31:16 -0500



Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax  
Sent: Monday, February 26, 2024 12:16 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:56:51

__Fwd: 17-63D3-95T Johnnea Hall__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JohnneaHallMVAZ4453511@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Johnnea Lawrence Hall - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2024 10:56:32 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com 
Date: Fri, Feb 23, 2024 at 4:39?PM
Subject: 17-63D3-95T Johnnea Hall
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 









-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
