---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-12

**Case:** [[cases/jose-mims-mva-11-22-2021/jose-mims-mva-11-22-2021|Jose Mims MVA 11/22/2021]]

## 10:59:46

@aaronw follow up suzie pierce on paying Aptiva

## 10:59:29

__Re: Jose Mims MVA 11/22/21__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [amullins@aptivahealth.com](mailto:amullins@aptivahealth.com) April Mullins
Cc: [JoseMimsMVAZ995841@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JoseMimsMVAZ995841@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2022 10:59:10 -0400

I have emailed the investigator at Allstate. THey denied the claim for
solicitation but that should only be for the soliciting chiropractor. It
should have no impact on you. I'll let you know what I find out.

On Sat, Jul 2, 2022 at 11:51 AM April Mullins 
wrote:

> Good Morning,
>
>
>
> I just wanted to follow up on the status of his case. We received an EOB
> stating there’s an investigation pending for this file. He currently has a
> balance of $600 with our office.  He is not currently scheduled with our
> office.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
>
> *April Mullins*
>
> A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison
>
>
>
> *PHONE:*
>
> *EMAIL:*
>
> *WEB:*
>
> *ADDRESS:*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Office: 502-909-0772
>
> Cell: 502-802-1085
>
> amullins@aptivahealth.com
>
> aptivahealth.com
>
> 3615 Newburg Road
>
> Louisville, KY 40218
>
>
>
> 
> 
> 
>
>
>
> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
> the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
