---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-29

**Case:** [[cases/todd-young-wc-db-11-30-2021/todd-young-wc-db-11-30-2021|Todd Young WC/DB 11/30/2021]]

## 15:39:15

__New Insurance Note:__ 2023.06.29 Recvd email from WC Adj - Checking Rep Status - Replied - No Longer Rep - Possible Rep by Winton & Hiestand
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Sedgwick
__Written by:__ Sarena

## 15:37:42

__Re: W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Franklin ,  Paul"  [Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com](mailto:Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 29 Jun 2023 15:36:32 -0400

Good afternoon Paul,
    Our records indicate that we no longer represent Mr. Young for this
incident. However, it is possible he is represented by Winton & Hiestand,
their contact number is (502) 444-4357.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Jun 29, 2023 at 3:28?PM Franklin, Paul 
wrote:

> Hello,
>
>
>
> Is the claimant still represented for the 3rd party case?
>
>
>
> *Thanks, *
>
>
>
> *Paul Franklin* | Claims Examiner
> *Sedgwick*
>
> Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
>
> DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
> EMAIL *paul.franklin@sedgwick.com *
>
> *www.sedgwick.com * | Caring counts®
>
> _____________________________________
>
> Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
> Visit our COVID-19 update center 
> for the latest pandemic-related resources.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Franklin, Paul
> *Sent:* Tuesday, December 6, 2022 9:17 AM
> *To:* sarena@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Subject:* W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021
>
>
>
> Good morning,
>
>
>
> Attached is the final lien letter for the 3rd party case.
>
>
>
> The claimant was released to full duty without restrictions effective
> 12/23/2021 and we have not received any medical since that date.
>
>
>
> *Thanks, *
>
>
>
> *Paul Franklin* | Claims Adjuster
> *Sedgwick*
>
> Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
>
> DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
> EMAIL paul.franklin@sedgwick.com
>
> www.sedgwick.com | Caring counts®
>
> _____________________________________
>
> Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
> Visit our COVID-19 update center 
> for the latest pandemic-related resources.
>
>
> ------------------------------
> Any personal data acquired, processed or shared by us will be lawfully
> processed in line with applicable data protection legislation. If you have
> any questions regarding how we process personal data refer to our Privacy
> Notice. Any communication
> including this email and files/attachments transmitted with it are
> confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
> entity to whom they are addressed. If this message has been sent to you in
> error, you must not copy, distribute or disclose of the information it
> contains and you must notify us immediately (contact is within the privacy
> policy) and delete the message from your system.
>

## 15:37:29

__RE: W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021__
From: "Franklin, Paul"  [Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com](mailto:Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 29 Jun 2023 19:28:26 +0000

Hello,

Is the claimant still represented for the 3rd party case?

Thanks,

Paul Franklin | Claims Examiner
Sedgwick
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
EMAIL paul.franklin@sedgwick.com
www.sedgwick.com | Caring counts(r)
[cid:image001.png@01D9AA9E.586EA060]
_____________________________________
Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
Visit our COVID-19 update center
for the latest pandemic-related resources.



From: Franklin, Paul
Sent: Tuesday, December 6, 2022 9:17 AM
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021

Good morning,

Attached is the final lien letter for the 3rd party case.

The claimant was released to full duty without restrictions effective 12/23/2021 and we have not received any medical since that date.

Thanks,

Paul Franklin | Claims Adjuster
Sedgwick
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
EMAIL paul.franklin@sedgwick.com
www.sedgwick.com | Caring counts(r)
[cid:image001.png@01D9AA9E.586EA060]
_____________________________________
Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
Visit our COVID-19 update center
for the latest pandemic-related resources.

________________________________
Any personal data acquired, processed or shared by us will be lawfully processed in line with applicable data protection legislation. If you have any questions regarding how we process personal data refer to our Privacy Notice.  Any communication including this email and files/attachments transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If this message has been sent to you in error, you must not copy, distribute or disclose of the information it contains and you must notify us immediately (contact is within the privacy policy) and delete the message from your system.
