---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-08

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 14:08:57

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - He was returning my call - Advised him that I spoke w/ Carrie at Synergy - They completed P2P Review w/BGHN - Per Carrie review conference went well but was unable to give any details at the time - She is supposed to call me when she get a free minute - Also Advised BI has formally accepted his claim as well as WC - He stated he has not received any TTD payments yet but the Ortho Surgeon did reach out to him and advise he has an appointment on 12/13 - Advised Client that should be his Surgery Consult Appt & to call us after the appointment - Advised I would follow up with WC Adj on TTD Benefits - Client Expressed understanding and thanked me for the update #cc

## 13:59:12

__New Voice Message from DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 on 12/08/2022 10:47 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 8 Dec 2022 15:47:38 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 
*Received:* Thursday, December 08, 2022 at 10:47 AM 
*Length:* 00:12 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, it's Damien. It's like 1030 on Thursday morning you call me 
back whenever you get whenever it's convenient." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
