---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/james-hollingsworth-wc-08-01-2023/james-hollingsworth-wc-08-01-2023|James Hollingsworth WC 08/01/2023]]

## 16:56:09

Recvd Client VM - Gas is getting cut off - Fwd'd to BK to Return Call - Called Adj to check status - Adj stated she should have claim tomorrow and she will expedite compensability decision & TTD if approved #CC #WCAdj #File-Setup

## 16:53:49

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.01.11 Called Adj to check status of claim from Plant - She states she received an email from them this morning - Should have claim tomorrow - requested she expedite decision & TTD - she agreed
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Tyson Foods
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 16:49:40

__New Voice Message from HOLLINGSWORTH J (513) 822-8123 on 01/11/2024 3:26 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2024 20:26:56 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* HOLLINGSWORTH J (513) 822-8123 
*Received:* Thursday, January 11, 2024 at 3:26 PM 
*Length:* 00:42 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"A a Sarena a this is James Holling for and the Duke Energy kind of turned 
my gas off. And the only thing I guess I got is my heat, but I mean, it is 
it is going to go down single single digits and stuff here and the next 
week. They got a program that is a certificate or something. It lasts for 
30 days. And my dr. packed some stuff over to them to give them, you know, 
I mean, to see what was going on and they denied this. Is there anything I 
can do? Please call me back 513-822-8123. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
