---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-12

**Case:** [[cases/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023|Tracy Howard MVA 1/17/2023]]

## 09:42:46

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:27:22

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [briward029@gmail.com](mailto:briward029@gmail.com) Tracy Howard
Date: Wed, 12 Apr 2023 09:26:52 -0400

I see, I totally understand that. We will just take note of this. But can
we ask for your driver's license number, or by any chance if you have the
report number or the driver's license number of Edward Ellegood? Thank you.

On Tue, Apr 11, 2023 at 5:01?PM Tracy Howard  wrote:

> Hi Colleen this is Tracy Howard I can't find anybody that would take me to
> the police department to get the accident report is there any way that
> y'all might be able to call and get it the drivers name who hit us was Rena
> Lawson and I was in the vehicle with Edward ellegood and the accident
> happened on January 17th 2023 on a Tuesday. The accident was at the
> crossroads of 464 and hwy  121 It's 4 miles to the police department
> there's just no way I can walk that far with my messed up foot I can't even
> walk a block to the gas station without it hurting I don't know what else
> to do
>
> On Mon, Apr 10, 2023, 11:55 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Tracy,
>>
>> This is noted. We'll be waiting as well for the Police Report. Thank you
>> so much for all of the information.
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>> On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 12:40?PM Tracy Howard 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I'm sorry I haven't been able to answer the phone it's broken won't let
>>> me answer it. But here is some of the stuff you asked for I'm going by
>>> police station to get another copy of report and I'll get it sent as well
>>>
>>> On Fri, Apr 7, 2023, 2:21 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Tracy Howard,
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I was unable to reach you by
>>>> phone. I just have questions regarding your case. We need the police report
>>>> information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
>>>> photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>
>>>
