---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-10

**Case:** [[cases/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023|Tracy Howard MVA 1/17/2023]]

## 12:56:04

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [TracyHowardMVAZ3541986@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:TracyHowardMVAZ3541986@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 12:55:38 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Tracy Howard 
Date: Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 12:40?PM
Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


I'm sorry I haven't been able to answer the phone it's broken won't let me
answer it. But here is some of the stuff you asked for I'm going by police
station to get another copy of report and I'll get it sent as well

On Fri, Apr 7, 2023, 2:21 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Tracy Howard,
>
>
> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I was unable to reach you by
> phone. I just have questions regarding your case. We need the police report
> information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
> photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>

## 12:55:20

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [briward029@gmail.com](mailto:briward029@gmail.com) Tracy Howard
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 12:55:00 -0400

Hi Tracy,

This is noted. We'll be waiting as well for the Police Report. Thank you so
much for all of the information.


Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 12:40?PM Tracy Howard  wrote:

> I'm sorry I haven't been able to answer the phone it's broken won't let me
> answer it. But here is some of the stuff you asked for I'm going by police
> station to get another copy of report and I'll get it sent as well
>
> On Fri, Apr 7, 2023, 2:21 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Tracy Howard,
>>
>>
>> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I was unable to reach you by
>> phone. I just have questions regarding your case. We need the police report
>> information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
>> photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>

## 09:30:08

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:29:19

__Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [briward029@gmail.com](mailto:briward029@gmail.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 09:29:01 -0400

Hi Tracy Howard,


This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I was unable to reach you by
phone. I just have questions regarding your case. We need the police report
information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.


Respectfully,


Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 09:27:26

Hi, Tracy Howard. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.
