---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-07

**Case:** [[cases/denetra-hopson-mva-9-8-21/denetra-hopson-mva-9-8-21|Denetra Hopson MVA 9/8/21]]

## 15:44:32

Fax to (502) 618-5388 <small>Page Count:3<small>

## 15:38:33

1. Does Denetra Hopson need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Denetra Hopson need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 15:38:34

Did Denetra Hopson go to the Hospital?  Yes, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 15:38:35

1. Do we have the Police Report? No
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 15:38:36

Does Denetra Hopson need lost wages reimbursed? No
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If Denetra Hopson needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 15:38:37

Contact Denetra Hopson at 502-325-4732 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email. 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.

## 15:38:37

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? No. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Is Denetra Hopson the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? .
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and Denetra Hopson is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.

## 15:46:56

faxed request to Big A

## 15:38:57

__Re: Re: Denetra Hopson - Funding Request - Capital Now Funding__
From: Kayla Kellams [case5248@cases.capitalnowfunding.com](mailto:case5248@cases.capitalnowfunding.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [DenetraHopsonMVAZ954635@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DenetraHopsonMVAZ954635@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 7 Jan 2022 19:38:51 +0000

Okay!

I will make note of that in the file.

Stay Safe!








  
    
    Kayla KellamsCase ManagerOffice: (502) 709-9000Direct: 
      (502) 709-9314 x. 206CapitalNowFunding.com  
        On January 7, 2022 at 2:35 PM, agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com wrote:Lets wait. We need to do a recorded statement with the insurance company first. On Fri, Jan 7, 2022 at 2:32 PM Kayla Kellams  wrote:



Aaron,

Ms. Hopson has requested funding in the amount of $500.  Can you give an update on the status of her case?  Can the case support the amount requested?

Thanks!








  
    
    Kayla KellamsCase ManagerOffice: (502) 709-9000Direct: 
      (502) 709-9314 x. 206CapitalNowFunding.com  
        


-- Aaron WhaleyWhaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LnLouisville, KY 40222502-583-4022

## 15:35:33

__Re: Denetra Hopson - Funding Request - Capital Now Funding__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [case5248@cases.capitalnowfunding.com](mailto:case5248@cases.capitalnowfunding.com)
Cc: [DenetraHopsonMVAZ954635@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DenetraHopsonMVAZ954635@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 7 Jan 2022 14:35:18 -0500

Lets wait. We need to do a recorded statement with the insurance company
first.


On Fri, Jan 7, 2022 at 2:32 PM Kayla Kellams <
case5248@cases.capitalnowfunding.com> wrote:

> Aaron,
>
> Ms. Hopson has requested funding in the amount of $500.  Can you give an
> update on the status of her case?  Can the case support the amount
> requested?
>
> Thanks!
>
>
> *Kayla Kellams*
> Case Manager
> Office: (502) 709-9000
> 
> Direct: (502) 709-9314
> 
> x. 206
>
> *CapitalNowFunding.com    *
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:55:41

__Demitra Hobson -  - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: fgaither.wlf@gmail.com 
CC: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
Date: 6 Jan 2022 10:55:30 -0800

From Name: Demitra Hobson
From Number: 
From Company: 
Demitra asked for you by name. I let her know the office is closed, due to inclement weather, and you are hoping to be back tomorrow.

Actions: Sent To Voicemail
To: Gaither, Faye	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/06/2022 01:52 PM
Caller ID: 15023254732	1 (502) 325-4732
Ruby Receptionist: Tati A.

To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.
