---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-30

**Case:** [[cases/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023|Anushka Soni MVA 8/31/2023]]

## 14:35:32

__New Insurance Note:__ 10/30 Received Explanation of Review
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea Madayag
 #Inotes

## 14:03:48

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 2023 13:50:43 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:05:32

__Fwd: Documents__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AnushkaSoniMVAZ3901415@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AnushkaSoniMVAZ3901415@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 2023 11:05:19 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Nush Kaur 
Date: Mon, Oct 30, 2023 at 10:30?AM
Subject: Re: Documents
To: 


Hello Coolin,
This is the healthcare bill attached to this email.

Thank you,
Anushka.

On Tue, Sep 26, 2023, 3:45 PM Nush Kaur  wrote:

> Hello,
> Please see attached below. I am little confused to what they mean so if
> you could summarize it to me, that would be great.
>
> I have also attached the EMS bill along with the documents.
>
> Thanks!
>

## 11:05:19

__Re: Documents__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [anushkakaur8888@gmail.com](mailto:anushkakaur8888@gmail.com) Nush Kaur
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 2023 11:05:09 -0400

This is noted. Thank you, Ms. Anushka.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Oct 30, 2023 at 10:30?AM Nush Kaur 
wrote:

> Hello Coolin,
> This is the healthcare bill attached to this email.
>
> Thank you,
> Anushka.
>
> On Tue, Sep 26, 2023, 3:45 PM Nush Kaur  wrote:
>
>> Hello,
>> Please see attached below. I am little confused to what they mean so if
>> you could summarize it to me, that would be great.
>>
>> I have also attached the EMS bill along with the documents.
>>
>> Thanks!
>>
>
