---
case_slug: muhammad-alif
created_at: 2026-02-17 00:10:40.069000+00:00
document_category: legal
document_date: 2025-04-23
document_type: legal
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2022-11-08-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Muhammad-Alif-MVA-11-08-2022/Litigation/2025-04-23-Muhammad-Alif-Litigation-Court-Notice-of-Motion-to-Compel.eml
source_hash: sha256:34412ee9f1ca91b92b50b08a189dd982e76517db897022c78de5eeb97375f428
---

**Case:** [[cases/muhammad-alif/muhammad-alif|Muhammad Alif]]
**Client:** [[cases/muhammad-alif/contacts/muhammad-alif|Muhammad Alif]]

Subject: NEF, JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-005509, ALIF, MUHAMMAD VS. WICKCLIFFE, JACQUELYN B. ET AL Envelope # 10429535
From: [EMAIL-6]
To: [EMAIL-5], SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM, [EMAIL-4]
Date: 2025-04-23T11:40:53-04:00
Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: April 23, 2025 at 11:39AM Eastern

eFiler: SMITH, MAXWELL (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: ALIF, MUHAMMAD VS. WICKCLIFFE, JACQUELYN B. ET AL

Case Number: 23-CI-005509

Envelope Number: 10429535

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Smith, Maxwell - [EMAIL-5]
Collins, Kaylee - [EMAIL-6]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO COMPEL: MOTION
EXHIBIT: EXHIBIT 1
EXHIBIT: EXHIBIT 2
EXHIBIT: EXHIBIT 3
EXHIBIT: EXHIBIT 4
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=815DBD8D-715A-4E20-A640-53A9FB59B2D7

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
