---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-06

**Case:** [[cases/dashia-sanders-mva-12-14-2021/dashia-sanders-mva-12-14-2021|Dashia Sanders MVA 12/14/2021]]

## 20:00:31

Does Dashia Sanders need lost wages reimbursed? No
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If Dashia Sanders needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 20:00:20

@stuttle Was RS completed on 1/4?

## 20:00:33

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? No. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Is Dashia Sanders the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? .
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and Dashia Sanders is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.

## 20:00:32

Contact Dashia Sanders at  and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email. 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.

## 20:00:29

1. Does Dashia Sanders need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Dashia Sanders need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 20:00:30

Did Dashia Sanders go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 20:00:30

1. Do we have the Police Report? 
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 00:51:21

__Incoming Fax to 15023649363__
From: '"Vonage Business Fax [DoNotReplyNotify@vonagebusiness.com](mailto:DoNotReplyNotify@vonagebusiness.com)
To: [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
Date: Thu, 6 Jan 2022 04:51:14 +0000

"You have received a document.

Sender's Caller ID: 12159894045
Date/Time: 01/05/2022 11:51:13PM
Number of Pages: 1"
