---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-25"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-25

**Case:** [[cases/abby-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023/abby-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023|Abby Sitgraves MVA 7/9/2023]]

## 16:43:40

__Fwd: Abby Sitgraves__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AbbySitgravesMVAZ3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AbbySitgravesMVAZ3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 25 Sep 2023 16:41:25 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: 
Date: Mon, Sep 25, 2023 at 4:18?PM
Subject: Abby Sitgraves
To: 


Please see the attached notice letter regarding subrogation.  At this time,
the Plan has not received any accident related claims.  Please check back
with us prior to settlement.



Thank you,



Tammy Carter

Administrative Assistant

Law Office of Bryan B. Davenport

160 Fairway Lakes Drive

Franklin, IN 46131

317-738-9540

(fax) 317-738-9310

tcarter@erisasubro.com 





The content of this email message, including any attachments, are
confidential and may be legally privileged, intended solely for the
addressee.  If you are not the intended recipient, be advised that any use,
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this email is strictly
prohibited.  If you received this message in error, please notify the
sender immediately by reply email and destroy the message and all its
attachments.

## 16:02:37

__Re: New Voice Message from BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540 on 09/25/2023 1:36 PM__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Abby Sitgraves
Date: Mon, 25 Sep 2023 16:00:24 -0400

Returned the call to the law office at Bryan Davenport, provided my email
address to the staff member. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Sep 25, 2023 at 1:37?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Mon, Sep 25, 2023 at 1:36?PM
> Subject: New Voice Message from BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540 on
> 09/25/2023 1:36 PM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540
> *Received:* Monday, September 25, 2023 at 1:36 PM
> *Length:* 00:39
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Hi, Mr. Whaley, my name is Tammy and I am calling from the law office at
> Bryan Davenport. In regards to your client, Abbey. Sit graves for a79 2023
> motor vehicle accident. We represent our employee health benefit plan and
> handle segregation for them. And I was trying trying to send something over
> to your office, but Our facts is not communicating with yours. I am trying
> to get an email address. If you could please give me a call. My number here
> is 317-738-9540 and reference Abbey. Sit graves when you call in, thank
> you."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
> RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
> Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 13:37:47

__Fwd: New Voice Message from BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540 on 09/25/2023 1:36 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) Coleen Madayag, [abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Abby Sitgraves
Date: Mon, 25 Sep 2023 13:37:31 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Sep 25, 2023 at 1:36?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540 on
09/25/2023 1:36 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* BRYAN DAVENPORT (317) 738-9540
*Received:* Monday, September 25, 2023 at 1:36 PM
*Length:* 00:39
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Mr. Whaley, my name is Tammy and I am calling from the law office at
Bryan Davenport. In regards to your client, Abbey. Sit graves for a79 2023
motor vehicle accident. We represent our employee health benefit plan and
handle segregation for them. And I was trying trying to send something over
to your office, but Our facts is not communicating with yours. I am trying
to get an email address. If you could please give me a call. My number here
is 317-738-9540 and reference Abbey. Sit graves when you call in, thank
you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
