---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-04

**Case:** [[cases/abby-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023/abby-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023|Abby Sitgraves MVA 7/9/2023]]

## 09:28:48

__New Insurance Note:__  and he stated that there will be someone that will call again to further obtain information from us about the claim/accident to fill out other information on their file. Sent LOR via email and fax.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Travelers Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 09:28:17

__Fwd: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (877) 7865577 - Sent__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AbbySitgravesMVAZ3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AbbySitgravesMVAZ3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [EricaSitgravesZ3829540@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:EricaSitgravesZ3829540@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [ZielandAndersonMVAZ3832151@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ZielandAndersonMVAZ3832151@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 4 Aug 2023 09:25:38 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Aug 4, 2023 at 9:25?AM
Subject: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (877) 7865577 - Sent
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Fax Transmission Result
------------------------------

Here are the results of the 4-page fax you sent from your phone number *(502)
357-9939, Ext. 113*

*Name* *Phone Number* *Date and Time* *Result*
+1 (877) 7865577 Friday, August 04, 2023 at 9:25 AM Sent
*Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax
format for transmission:*

*File Name* *Result*
Whaley LOR to PIP Adjuster - Travelers - Abby Sitgraves.pdf Success
Whaley LOR to PIP Adjuster - Travelers - Erica Sitgraves.pdf Success
Whaley LOR to PIP Adjuster - Travelers - Zieland Anderson.pdf Success
View this message on your RingCentral app
.


Thank you for using RingCentral!
------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 09:23:12

__FPK7054__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MDAYKIN@travelers.com](mailto:MDAYKIN@travelers.com), [8777865577@rcfax.com](mailto:8777865577@rcfax.com)
Date: Fri, 4 Aug 2023 09:20:36 -0400

Hi,

Please acknowledge receipt. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
