---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-22

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 13:27:49

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 18 Nov 2022 15:32:34 -0500

Just checking in with you...I finished the rehab at Synergy and should be
wrapping up the chiropractor soon.  I haven't seen anything on
reimbursement for the rental car or anything.  Is there anything else I
need to do?

Thanks!

On Mon, Nov 7, 2022 at 3:52 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> Overall, I feel pretty good.  Still have anxiety while driving, hopefully
> that will get better soon.  I will let you know when I finish the
> chiropractor.  Thanks!
>
> On Mon, Nov 7, 2022 at 3:24 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> That is good to hear. How are you feeling overall at this point?
>> Once you have completed all treatment we will get in all the records &
>> bills and compile a Demand Package. Medical records & bills can take 30-60
>> days to receive depending on the providers.
>> A Demand Package is a letter outlining your accident and your related
>> treatment a long with a copy of all the records & bills. The Demand,
>> 'demands' payment from the negligent party/insurance carrier. The Carrier
>> will have a minimum of 30 days to review & respond to the Demand once they
>> receive it. From there we will go into a negotiation phase which we will
>> discuss in further detail once we get to that phase. If you have any
>> questions, please do not hesitate to contact me or Cameron to discuss them
>> in further detail.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Nov 7, 2022 at 2:40 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>
>>> I wanted to let you know that I will be having my last session at
>>> Synergy Rehab on Tuesday evening.  I am waiting to hear when my last
>>> chiropractor appointment will be.  It should be soon.  I wanted to update
>>> you and see where we go from here.  Thanks
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 11:13 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thanks, I will keep you updated.with the treatment
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 10:26 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Good morning Kathy,
>>>>>    Thank you so much. I will get these submitted for payment. The
>>>>> medical bills will go to Allstate & the rental receipt will go to Dairyland
>>>>> for reimbursement. At this point now that the property damages are
>>>>> resolved, we will continue to collect medical bills & records related to
>>>>> your injuries until you have completed treatment and/or have reached
>>>>> maximum medical improvement. Once you have completed treatment we will get
>>>>> in any missing records or bills and will submit a Demand on your behalf.
>>>>> However, we will discuss that in further detail once we reach that phase.
>>>>>     Please be sure to keep us posted on any medical providers you have
>>>>> or will see.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 8:44 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I attached a copy of what I paid for the rental car and chiropractor
>>>>>> out of my pocket...I also attached some diagnosis from Synergy and my
>>>>>> Chiropractor.  Please keep me in the loop about what is going on.  Again,
>>>>>> thanks for your help.  I have no idea how this works.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 1:24 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Will do, thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 12:43 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Kathy,
>>>>>>>>     I apologize for the delayed response. We are trying to discuss
>>>>>>>> the 80/20 liability decision with Mr. Blackwood, but as you are aware, he
>>>>>>>> is difficult to reach. The representative I spoke with on Friday advised
>>>>>>>> that Mr. Blackwood has been in a training session and is away from his desk
>>>>>>>> currently. I have left a voicemail for his supervisor to call us back.
>>>>>>>>     Please send me the receipt for the rental and we will get it
>>>>>>>> submitted on your behalf. Also, send us any bills you have received and we
>>>>>>>> will reach out to the providers and submit them for payment.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 11:18 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> I was confused by your last email...about the final bill for the
>>>>>>>>> car rental.  Who am I supposed to send this to?  I also have a bill from
>>>>>>>>> the Chiropractor as well.  Also, I don't understand about the 20 %
>>>>>>>>> liability that I supposedly have?  What did I do wrong?  I had the green
>>>>>>>>> light and the were not at the intersection at the time I went to make my
>>>>>>>>> turn.  Sorry to be a pain, but this is distressing me!  I am out $900 for
>>>>>>>>> the deductible, $400 for the car rental and 400 is for the Chiropractor!
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:58 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Also, I did finally get my car back last Thursday.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:57 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> I don't understand how they only accept 80% liability...their
>>>>>>>>>>> insured ran a red light.  I had a green light turning left.  I have the
>>>>>>>>>>> receipt from the rental car, I can send in ...to you or Dairyland.  I am
>>>>>>>>>>> still going to the Chiropractor and to Synergy Rehab.  getting better
>>>>>>>>>>> slowly.  Thanks for the update!
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Good morning Kathy,
>>>>>>>>>>>>    I was finally able to reach someone at Dairyland (Sentry)
>>>>>>>>>>>> and they are sending over an acknowledgement today. We also discuss the
>>>>>>>>>>>> liability decision and they have accepted 80% liability based on the
>>>>>>>>>>>> evidence. I will be sending that information over to Aaron for his review.
>>>>>>>>>>>>     They advised that as far as the rental goes, once your
>>>>>>>>>>>> insurance coverage is exhausted, the remainder would be paid out of pocket
>>>>>>>>>>>> by you. Once you have the receipt for the remainder of rental, you can send
>>>>>>>>>>>> that in to be reimbursed for.
>>>>>>>>>>>>      Have you heard anymore about when the vehicle will be
>>>>>>>>>>>> finished? How is treatment going?
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:33 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Just curious if you have heard anything from the other
>>>>>>>>>>>>> insurance company?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 7, 2022 at 2:27 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com>
