---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-14

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 11:16:39

@stuttle do ORR and see if RTCC has camera

## 11:22:21

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-10-14 15:14:37.953000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5634595457 

Caller ID: 563-459-5457 

Caller Name: Zackary Blackwood 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/7637985

## 10:44:18

@aaronw BI only accepting 80% Liability - Def admitted his light was yellow, he checked his rearview & 'suddenly' the light was red. Please advise whether to dispute 80% and attempt to get 100% or not

## 11:16:00

calm #cbi 80% fault is BS

## 10:56:36

Called PIP Adj Wilson to FU on PIP LOR Ack - LVM #PIP

## 10:54:44

__96A017278__
From:  [Christina.Walczak@sentry.com](mailto:Christina.Walczak@sentry.com)
To:  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 09:34:27 -0500

Client: Mary Hagan

Christina Walczak
Claims Representative Senior
Office (919) 751-7769 | Fax (888) 729-2225
Christina.Walczak@sentry.com

Dairyland Insurance Company
PO Box 8042
Stevens Point, WI 54481
dairylandinsurance.com
This e-mail is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, you must not disclose or use the information contained in it. If you have received this e-mail in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. No recipient may use the information in this e-mail in violation of any civil or criminal statute. We disclaim all liability for any unauthorized uses of this e-mail or its contents, and accept no liability or responsibility for any damage caused by any virus transmitted with this e-mail.

## 10:49:08

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 10:39:42 -0400

Good morning Kathy,
   I was finally able to reach someone at Dairyland (Sentry) and they are
sending over an acknowledgement today. We also discuss the liability
decision and they have accepted 80% liability based on the evidence. I will
be sending that information over to Aaron for his review.
    They advised that as far as the rental goes, once your insurance
coverage is exhausted, the remainder would be paid out of pocket by you.
Once you have the receipt for the remainder of rental, you can send that in
to be reimbursed for.
     Have you heard anymore about when the vehicle will be finished? How is
treatment going?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:33 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> Just curious if you have heard anything from the other insurance company?
>
> Thanks!
>
> On Fri, Oct 7, 2022 at 2:27 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Thank you for the update Kathy, I apologize for the delayed response.
>> We will reach out to the adjuster and see what is going on.
>>
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:06 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>
>>> sorry just really frustrated!
>>>
>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:01 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>>
>>>> I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I will
>>>> have at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood
>>>> again and got someone else who said they still have not determined
>>>> coverage.   They asked if I have an attorney and said I should not
>>>> communicate except thru you
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is going on
>>>>> with this car accident case.  Thanks
>>>>>
>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>> 502-640-2363
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.  Can
>>>>>> someone let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Sarena,
>>>>>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental car for
>>>>>>> the last week since my car is not done and my insurance company stopped
>>>>>>> paying after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back Friday...I have
>>>>>>> tried to call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he has not returned
>>>>>>> my calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Mary,
>>>>>>>>     Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm to assist you with
>>>>>>>> your motor vehicle accident on August 29, 2022. I will be your case manager
>>>>>>>> and main point of contact throughout this process. Please do not hesitate
>>>>>>>> to contact us to discuss any questions you may have.
>>>>>>>>     At this time, we have reached out to your insurance for your
>>>>>>>> Personal Injury Protection Claim and are awaiting their response. We have
>>>>>>>> also reached out to the Jefferson County Clerk's office to verify whether
>>>>>>>> the At Fault party was insured at the time of your incident. Our
>>>>>>>> understanding is that you have received correspondence from Sentry
>>>>>>>> Insurance and would like a copy of that letter for our review and to be
>>>>>>>> added to your file. Please forward a copy of the Sentry Letter to our
>>>>>>>> office as soon as possible.
>>>>>>>>     Again, Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm and please do
>>>>>>>> not hesitate to contact us with any questions.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>
>>> --
>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>
>>
>
> --
> Kathy Hagan
>

## 10:39:58

Attempted to Call BI Adj Blackwood again - Stayed on the line to see if he picked up - Still went to VM - LVM - Called Back to attempt to get another representative - Another representative answer - She is resending LOR Ack to email - They have accepted 80% Liability - As far as the rental - Client will need to send in receipt for reimbursement #BIAdj
