---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-15"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-15

**Case:** [[cases/peggy-morris-mva-5-20-2022/peggy-morris-mva-5-20-2022|Peggy Morris MVA 5/20/2022]]

## 14:39:31

__718015__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Susan.Kirby@trexis.com](mailto:Susan.Kirby@trexis.com)
Date: Mon, 15 Aug 2022 14:39:03 -0400

Good afternoon

 

I've attached a copy of our letter of representation for Mr. & Mrs. Morris.
Please acknowledge receipt and forward an updated payment ledger for both
clients.

 

Thanks,

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 14:20:33

Contact Peggy Morris at (270) 957-2407 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 14:09:03

NEED DISENGAGEMENT LETTER FOR MORGAN AND MORGAN

## 14:00:38

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Companion/driver with Brian Morris

Currently repped by Morgan and Morgan but wants to fire them.

DOA: 5/20/2022
Driver in a vehicle going through an intersection when a girl on her phone ran the red light and t-boned them. Causing them to spin out and strike another vehicle.
Happened on US Hwy 41 East in Henderson Co. KY

Drivers name was his wife Peggy Morris (repped by Morgan and Morgan)

Henderson County Police Responded -Master File  72764045

EMS to Henderson Co. ER
Went to Owensboro health hospital for follow up
Also saw St. Vincent Hospital in Evansville 
Saw PCP Dr. Iqbal 
Had a consult with Dr. McBride ortho but they did not do anything
She is going to follow up with Synergy with Brian so she can get an MRI and see the ortho

PIP: Trexis
BI: State Farm

__Incident Date__
5/20/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Related Contacts__
Brian Morris (Additional Plaintiff)


__Injury Notes__
DX with a concussion, neck, back, R hip, R knee and R foot

__Employment Status:__
Disabled - SSA

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/15/2022 10:29:36 AM - Brandon French - Added lead in Pending Signup status / Electronic Signature - Companion/driver with Brian Morris

Currently repped by Morgan and Morgan but wants to fire them.

DOA: 5/20/2022
Driver in a vehicle going through an intersection when a girl on her phone ran the red light and t-boned them. Causing them to spin out and strike another vehicle.
Happened on US Hwy 41 East in Henderson Co. KY

Drivers name was his wife Peggy Morris (repped by Morgan and Morgan)

Henderson County Police Responded -Master File  72764045

EMS to Henderson Co. ER
Went to Owensboro health hospital for follow up
Also saw St. Vincent Hospital in Evansville 
Saw PCP Dr. Iqbal 
Had a consult with Dr. McBride ortho but they did not do anything
She is going to follow up with Synergy with Brian so she can get an MRI and see the ortho

PIP: Trexis
BI: State Farm
-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/15/2022 11:51:04 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2709572407 - Message:  - Peggy, you should have the intake documents for you to e-sign in your email. Please confirm that you received them and let me know if you have any questions. As soon as we get those back, I will get your case assigned over to the team and we will starting rolling on it. Thanks, have a great day!
-----------------End Message-----------------
