---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-18

**Case:** [[cases/william-mullins-mva-01-07-2023/william-mullins-mva-01-07-2023|William Mullins MVA 01/07/2023]]

## 15:59:57

__FW: Allstate Claim:0698725793__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [WilliamMullinsZ3133802@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:WilliamMullinsZ3133802@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 18 Jan 2023 14:59:52 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Allstate Insurance  
Sent: Wednesday, January 18, 2023 2:57 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Allstate Claim:0698725793

 

   


 




Claim 0698725793

 





  


http://l.service01.email-allstate.com/rts/open.aspx?tp=i-16D9-A2-boz-2pwe6a-1z-8Vb50-1c-l8ULztuCBh-20TK0O>n the policy, William is eligible to receive benefits under the personal injury protection coverage. The policy covers reasonable and necessary medical expenses related to this loss up to $10,000. Please be advised we will cover only those expenses incurred for services rendered within 2 years from the date of the accident or last date of payment, whichever is greater.  

 

To help expedite the processing of your client's bills, please have his medical provider submit billing directly to us.  You can also fax or mail any bills you receive as they become available, rather than when treatment has ended.  Please include your claim number on any information submitted.

 

Mail:                                Fax:

Allstate                             608-373-7383

Box 2874

Clinton, IA 52733

 

What to expect next:

You will receive a letter with forms to complete

You will receive an Explanation of Benefits when bills are reviewed and processed

You will be contacted if there are additional questions regarding your injuries or treatment

 

We're here to help. If you need additional information, please visit MyClaim.com or contact us by replying to this email.

 

KRYSTAL SPENCER
Allstate Insurance Company
Phone: (713) 277-9621
Fax: (608) 373-7383
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR56bf2581fd994c *** 








Did you find this email useful?



  

  


  


  MyClaim   |     Tools & Resources   |     Allstate.com

	

This email was sent to you at justin@whaleylawfirm.com  


© 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.   Privacy Statement   |     Contact Us


Allstate Insurance Company, PO Box 661039, Dallas, TX 75266 


P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T


EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
