---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-07"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-07

**Case:** [[cases/brent-neely-jr-mva-9-1-2023/brent-neely-jr-mva-9-1-2023|Brent Neely Jr. MVA 9/1/2023]]

## 14:26:27

__Fwd: 17-55Q5-40C__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 7 Sep 2023 14:26:09 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS 
Date: Thu, Sep 7, 2023 at 2:19?PM
Subject: 17-55Q5-40C
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


statefarm.com?

------------------------------





Please open the attachment(s) for more claim information or next steps.

For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information
such as Social Security Number, credit/debit card number (financial account
number), driver?s license number, or health/medical information in an
email. If you must send this type of information to State Farm, please
contact your claim associate to request a secure email channel.


------------------------------

Don't miss a call about your Auto claim from State Farm?!
Text AUTO to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
 it from your mobile device.



Don't miss a call about your Homeowners claim from State Farm?!

Text HOME to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
 it from your mobile device.









Respectfully,

*Joel Houghton*

Claim Specialist

844-292-8615 Ext 307

Fax: (855) 820-6318

StateFarmClaims@StateFarm.com




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 14:15:46

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd VM from AW to Call Client - Called - Client advised JG had already returned his call and got everything taken care - He appreciated her quick response & the follow up 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: September 07 2023

## 14:15:31

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:15:12

Recvd VM from AW to Call Client - Called - Client advised JG had already returned his call and got everything taken care - He appreciated her quick response & the follow up #cc

## 14:14:26

__Fwd: New Voice Message from NEELY,BRENT (502) 240-7932 on 09/06/2023 4:09 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 6 Sep 2023 16:10:50 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Sep 6, 2023 at 4:09?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from NEELY,BRENT (502) 240-7932 on 09/06/2023
4:09 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* NEELY,BRENT (502) 240-7932
*Received:* Wednesday, September 06, 2023 at 4:09 PM
*Length:* 00:28
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"This is Brent. Please give me a call. 50 502-240-7932 is Brent office. I
need to speak to someone. So as party 22307982."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:12:17

Hi, Brent!  This is The Whaley Law Firm.  We need a copy of the front and back of your health insurance card.  You can send photos to this number and they will save directly to your file.  Thanks!

## 10:11:21

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:10:30

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:09:15

Request for records & bills e-mailed to UofL Medical Center East

## 10:09:04

__Brent Neely__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org), [ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org) ULH Customer Service
Cc: [BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 7 Sep 2023 10:08:44 -0400
