---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-15

**Case:** [[cases/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21|Ali Laghmani MVA 1/19/21]]

## 14:37:06

__RE: Ali Laghmani vs. Douglas Croll__
From: Mike Wells [MWells@thattorneys.com](mailto:MWells@thattorneys.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 18:36:55 +0000

Aaron, thanks for your warm and generous praise. You are an officer and a gentleman. ?
If it’s okay, can we reschedule with Tom? My luck with the less-formal negotiation process hasn’t been so good, and in my experience it typically ends up with the parties opting for mediation after tying things up in knots, and hoping the mediator can untie them. Does that sound okay to you?

Sincerely,

Mike Wells
Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
Jefferson Marders Building
11507 Main Street
Middletown Historic District
Louisville, KY 40243
Office:         (502) 245-7474
Fax:              (502) 245-7025
Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
E-Mail: mwells@thattorneys.com
Web: http://www.thslaw.co

 [cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]

Privileged and Confidential
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal, the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your computer.
No Attorney-Client Relationship.
Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney) does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the warning is not applicable.
As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to inform you that since this document does not contain all of such disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document to avoid tax penalties, nor may any portion of this document be referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.

From: Aaron Whaley [mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com]
Sent: Friday, July 15, 2022 2:28 PM
To: Mike Wells 
Cc: AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: Ali Laghmani vs. Douglas Croll

Mike, I hope this email finds you well.  Unfortunately, it seems we have mistaken Mr. Laghmani's availability for this coming Friday. He is in Australia and is only available by email. I don't mind doing mediation without physical presence of my client but I do like to be able to reach them for discussion.

That said, I think you are a pretty reasonable person. We have worked well in resolving claims in the past. I think you are fair and reasonable(for defense counsel ??) and I like to think that sentiment is reciprocated. Do you want to see if you and I can try and resolve this claim without mediation?

Let me know. If not then I will ask Tom to reschedule. I apologize for my oversight.

--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022





________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials. Click here to report this email as spam.

## 14:28:17

__Ali Laghmani vs. Douglas Croll__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mwells@thattorneys.com](mailto:mwells@thattorneys.com) Mike Wells
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 14:27:58 -0400

Mike, I hope this email finds you well.  Unfortunately, it seems we have
mistaken Mr. Laghmani's availability for this coming Friday. He is in
Australia and is only available by email. I don't mind doing mediation
without physical presence of my client but I do like to be able to reach
them for discussion.

That said, I think you are a pretty reasonable person. We have worked well
in resolving claims in the past. I think you are fair and reasonable(for
defense counsel ??) and I like to think that sentiment is reciprocated. Do
you want to see if you and I can try and resolve this claim without
mediation?

Let me know. If not then I will ask Tom to reschedule. I apologize for my
oversight.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 09:54:37

__Re: Your mediation is currently being scheduled__
From: Ali laghmani  [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 09:54:01 -0400

Confirmed, thank you.

On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 9:53 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Ali,
>    Please find the Zoom Link provided by Mediator Thomas Knopf. Your
> mediation is scheduled for next Friday, July 22, 2022 at 1:30pm Eastern
> Standard Time. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us to
> discuss them in further detail.
>
> Join Zoom Meeting
> https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9650447148
>
> Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
> Passcode: 54321
> One tap mobile
> +13017158592,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Washington DC)
> +13126266799,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Chicago)
>
> Dial by your location
>         +1 301 715 8592 US (Washington DC)
>         +1 312 626 6799 US (Chicago)
>         +1 646 931 3860 US
>         +1 929 205 6099 US (New York)
>         +1 253 215 8782 US (Tacoma)
>         +1 346 248 7799 US (Houston)
>         +1 669 444 9171 US
>         +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose)
> Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
> Passcode: 54321
> Find your local number: https://us02web.zoom.us/u/kb79efC6Nb
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 11:05 AM Ali laghmani 
> wrote:
>
>> Thank you for the update.
>>
>> On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 10:59 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>>     Your mediation has been confirmed by all parties and the mediator
>>> has provided a 'Video Conference Guideline' for your reference. If you have
>>> any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 2:02 PM Ali laghmani 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you for the update.
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 1:30 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>>>>    The Judge has confirmed your mediation is set for July 22, 2022 at
>>>>> 1:30pm est via Video Conference. Once the mediation gets a little closer,
>>>>> the Judge's office will set up the video conference and will forward us a
>>>>> link to join, similar to your deposition. As soon as we receive the link,
>>>>> we will forward it to you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>> 
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 
>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:37 AM Ali laghmani <
>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Sounds good, thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:34 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Definitely,
>>>>>>> Mediation is where you, Aaron, the Defense Attorney & the Adjuster
>>>>>>> for Mr. Croll as well as possibly Mr. Croll will sit down with Hon. Thomas
>>>>>>> Knopf, a former Circuit Court Judge and discuss the case.
>>>>>>> Aaron will lay out our side of things, Defense will lay out their
>>>>>>> side and make any offers they see fit. The judge will listen to both sides
>>>>>>> and comment on the strength and/or weakness of the sides and what he feels
>>>>>>> would be an appropriate offer range.
>>>>>>> You will be allowed to counter any offer made and will not be forced
>>>>>>> to accept any offers. However, if an agreement is unable to be made, the
>>>>>>> case will move forward to trial.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> We have narrowed the scheduling down to July 22, 2022 in the
>>>>>>> afternoon via video conference. We are simply awaiting the Judge's
>>>>>>> confirmation and the exact time assigned by the Judge.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:21 AM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hello,
>>>>>>>>     Thank you for the update. Can you tell me what will take place
>>>>>>>> in the mediation process?
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 10:56 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>>    We just wanted to update you that your mediation is in the
>>>>>>>>> scheduling process. Both sides have agreed to use Hon. Thomas Knopf to
>>>>>>>>> mediate for us and we are looking at JULY: 18, 19, 22, 25, 26,
>>>>>>>>> 27, 29 in the afternoon (est). Once the Defense is able to confirm a
>>>>>>>>> specific date, we will forward a formal Notice of Mediation with more
>>>>>>>>> details.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>

## 09:53:58

Recvd Zoom Link for Mediation Next Friday - Noted Calendar & Sent to Client via email #Mediation #cc

## 09:53:20

__Re: Your mediation is currently being scheduled__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ali laghmani  [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 09:53:37 -0400

Good morning Ali,
   Please find the Zoom Link provided by Mediator Thomas Knopf. Your
mediation is scheduled for next Friday, July 22, 2022 at 1:30pm Eastern
Standard Time. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us to
discuss them in further detail.

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9650447148

Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
Passcode: 54321
One tap mobile
+13017158592,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Washington DC)
+13126266799,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Chicago)

Dial by your location
        +1 301 715 8592 US (Washington DC)
        +1 312 626 6799 US (Chicago)
        +1 646 931 3860 US
        +1 929 205 6099 US (New York)
        +1 253 215 8782 US (Tacoma)
        +1 346 248 7799 US (Houston)
        +1 669 444 9171 US
        +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose)
Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
Passcode: 54321
Find your local number: https://us02web.zoom.us/u/kb79efC6Nb

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 11:05 AM Ali laghmani 
wrote:

> Thank you for the update.
>
> On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 10:59 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>     Your mediation has been confirmed by all parties and the mediator has
>> provided a 'Video Conference Guideline' for your reference. If you have any
>> questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 2:02 PM Ali laghmani 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Thank you for the update.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 1:30 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>>>    The Judge has confirmed your mediation is set for July 22, 2022 at
>>>> 1:30pm est via Video Conference. Once the mediation gets a little closer,
>>>> the Judge's office will set up the video conference and will forward us a
>>>> link to join, similar to your deposition. As soon as we receive the link,
>>>> we will forward it to you.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:37 AM Ali laghmani 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Sounds good, thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:34 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Definitely,
>>>>>> Mediation is where you, Aaron, the Defense Attorney & the Adjuster
>>>>>> for Mr. Croll as well as possibly Mr. Croll will sit down with Hon. Thomas
>>>>>> Knopf, a former Circuit Court Judge and discuss the case.
>>>>>> Aaron will lay out our side of things, Defense will lay out their
>>>>>> side and make any offers they see fit. The judge will listen to both sides
>>>>>> and comment on the strength and/or weakness of the sides and what he feels
>>>>>> would be an appropriate offer range.
>>>>>> You will be allowed to counter any offer made and will not be forced
>>>>>> to accept any offers. However, if an agreement is unable to be made, the
>>>>>> case will move forward to trial.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> We have narrowed the scheduling down to July 22, 2022 in the
>>>>>> afternoon via video conference. We are simply awaiting the Judge's
>>>>>> confirmation and the exact time assigned by the Judge.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:21 AM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hello,
>>>>>>>     Thank you for the update. Can you tell me what will take place
>>>>>>> in the mediation process?
>>>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 10:56 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>    We just wanted to update you that your mediation is in the
>>>>>>>> scheduling process. Both sides have agreed to use Hon. Thomas Knopf to
>>>>>>>> mediate for us and we are looking at JULY: 18, 19, 22, 25, 26, 27,
>>>>>>>> 29 in the afternoon (est). Once the Defense is able to confirm a specific
>>>>>>>> date, we will forward a formal Notice of Mediation with more details.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>

## 09:49:33

__Friday mediation__
From: tknopf@twc.com
To: "'Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com'"  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 11:52:14 +0000

Thomas Knopf is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.
Topic: Thomas Knopf's Zoom MeetingTime: Jul 22, 2022 01:30 PM Eastern
Time (US and Canada)
Join Zoom Meetinghttps://us02web.zoom.us/j/9650447148
Meeting ID: 965 044 7148Passcode: 54321One tap
mobile+13017158592,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Washington
DC)+13126266799,,9650447148#,,,,*54321# US (Chicago)
Dial by your location +1 301 715 8592 US (Washington DC) +1 312 626
6799 US (Chicago) +1 646 931 3860 US +1 929 205 6099 US (New York) +1
253 215 8782 US (Tacoma) +1 346 248 7799 US (Houston) +1 669 444 9171
US +1 669 900 6833 US (San Jose)Meeting ID: 965 044 7148Passcode:
54321Find your local number: https://us02web.zoom.us/u/kb79efC6Nb
