---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-22

**Case:** [[cases/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21|Ali Laghmani MVA 1/19/21]]

## 11:10:42

__RE: Laghmani v. Croll - July 22__
From: Mike Wells  [MWells@thattorneys.com](mailto:MWells@thattorneys.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  "retiredjudges@twc.com"  [retiredjudges@twc.com](mailto:retiredjudges@twc.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 15:08:20 +0000

Ms. Shahayda, I have attached a signed copy of the agreement and release as well.

Yours very truly,

Mike Wells
Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
Jefferson Marders Building
11507 Main Street
Middletown Historic District
Louisville, KY 40243
Office:         (502) 245-7474
Fax:              (502) 245-7025
Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
E-Mail: mwells@thattorneys.com
Web: http://www.thslaw.co

 [cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]

Privileged and Confidential
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal, the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your computer.
No Attorney-Client Relationship.
Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney) does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the warning is not applicable.
As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to inform you that since this document does not contain all of such disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document to avoid tax penalties, nor may any portion of this document be referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.

From: Sarena Tuttle [mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 22, 2022 10:58 AM
To: retiredjudges@twc.com
Cc: Aaron Whaley ; Mike Wells 
Subject: Re: Laghmani v. Croll - July 22

Thank you so much Debbie,
   Please find attached a copy executed by our office.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 10:26 AM > wrote:
Please return to us a signed copy of the Mediation Agreement and Release prior to the mediation date.  Mr. Wells, if you could send us your cell phone number it would be greatly appreciated.

Debbie Shahayda
Administrator
RETIRED JUDGES MEDIATION
AND ARBITRATION SERVICES
P. O. Box 70318
Louisville, KY  40270-0318
Retiredjudges@twc.com
(502) 721-9900
FAX – (888) 389-3559






________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials. Click here to report this email as spam.

## 10:59:38

__Re: Your mediation is currently being scheduled__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ali laghmani  [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 10:59:37 -0400

Good afternoon Ali,
    Your mediation has been confirmed by all parties and the mediator has
provided a 'Video Conference Guideline' for your reference. If you have any
questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 2:02 PM Ali laghmani 
wrote:

> Thank you for the update.
>
> On Mon, Jun 20, 2022 at 1:30 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>    The Judge has confirmed your mediation is set for July 22, 2022 at
>> 1:30pm est via Video Conference. Once the mediation gets a little closer,
>> the Judge's office will set up the video conference and will forward us a
>> link to join, similar to your deposition. As soon as we receive the link,
>> we will forward it to you.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:37 AM Ali laghmani 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Sounds good, thank you.
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:34 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Definitely,
>>>> Mediation is where you, Aaron, the Defense Attorney & the Adjuster for
>>>> Mr. Croll as well as possibly Mr. Croll will sit down with Hon. Thomas
>>>> Knopf, a former Circuit Court Judge and discuss the case.
>>>> Aaron will lay out our side of things, Defense will lay out their side
>>>> and make any offers they see fit. The judge will listen to both sides and
>>>> comment on the strength and/or weakness of the sides and what he feels
>>>> would be an appropriate offer range.
>>>> You will be allowed to counter any offer made and will not be forced to
>>>> accept any offers. However, if an agreement is unable to be made, the case
>>>> will move forward to trial.
>>>>
>>>> We have narrowed the scheduling down to July 22, 2022 in the afternoon
>>>> via video conference. We are simply awaiting the Judge's confirmation and
>>>> the exact time assigned by the Judge.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 11:21 AM Ali laghmani 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hello,
>>>>>     Thank you for the update. Can you tell me what will take place in
>>>>> the mediation process?
>>>>> On Thu, Jun 16, 2022 at 10:56 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>    We just wanted to update you that your mediation is in the
>>>>>> scheduling process. Both sides have agreed to use Hon. Thomas Knopf to
>>>>>> mediate for us and we are looking at JULY: 18, 19, 22, 25, 26, 27,
>>>>>> 29 in the afternoon (est). Once the Defense is able to confirm a specific
>>>>>> date, we will forward a formal Notice of Mediation with more details.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>

## 10:57:54

__Re: Laghmani v. Croll - July 22__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: retiredjudges@twc.com 
CC: Aaron Whaley  [Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Mike Wells  [Mwells@thattorneys.com](mailto:Mwells@thattorneys.com)
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 10:57:51 -0400

Thank you so much Debbie,
   Please find attached a copy executed by our office.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Jun 22, 2022 at 10:26 AM  wrote:

> Please return to us a signed copy of the Mediation Agreement and Release
> prior to the mediation date.  Mr. Wells, if you could send us your cell
> phone number it would be greatly appreciated.
>
>
>
> Debbie Shahayda
>
> Administrator
>
> RETIRED JUDGES MEDIATION
>
> AND ARBITRATION SERVICES
>
> P. O. Box 70318
>
> Louisville, KY  40270-0318
>
> Retiredjudges@twc.com
>
> (502) 721-9900
>
> FAX – (888) 389-3559
>
>
>
>
>

## 10:56:47

__Laghmani v. Croll - July 22__
From:  [retiredjudges@twc.com](mailto:retiredjudges@twc.com)
To:  [Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),   [Mwells@thattorneys.com](mailto:Mwells@thattorneys.com)
CC:  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 10:26:44 -0400

Please return to us a signed copy of the Mediation Agreement and Release
prior to the mediation date.  Mr. Wells, if you could send us your cell
phone number it would be greatly appreciated.

 

Debbie Shahayda

Administrator

RETIRED JUDGES MEDIATION

AND ARBITRATION SERVICES

P. O. Box 70318

Louisville, KY  40270-0318

Retiredjudges@twc.com   

(502) 721-9900

FAX - (888) 389-3559

## 10:55:54

Recvd Mediation Agreement & Guidelines from Asst Debbie - Executed and Returned Agreement - Forwarded Guidelines to Client via email #Mediation
