---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-09-10"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-09-10

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024|Erin McCloskey MVA 02/27/2024]]

## 15:41:20

Jeffersonville PD IT department is Corporal Smith.  Said they are still working on the ORR.

## 15:33:01

__Re: FW: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Johnna Anderson [JAnderson@cityofjeff.net](mailto:JAnderson@cityofjeff.net)
Cc: Justin Chumbley [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue Sep 10 2024 03:32:46 GMT-04:00

Hi,

Please provide an update on this request.

On Wed, Jun 5, 2024 at 9:25?AM Johnna Anderson 
wrote:

> As a follow up to my email to below, per our PD they do have BWC video
> footage and photos available.
>
>
>
> You will need to send $175.00 payment for bwc video footage and photos, in
> the form of check or money order
>
> only, to my attention at the address below in order to start the process.
>
>
>
> Thanks so much. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
>
>
>
> Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal
>
> Department of Law
>
> City of Jeffersonville
>
> 500 Quartermaster Court
>
> Jeffersonville, IN 47130
>
>
>
> *From:* Johnna Anderson
> *Sent:* Wednesday, May 29, 2024 9:29 AM
> *To:* 'Jessa Galosmo' 
> *Subject:* RE: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793
>
>
>
> Jessa, As a follow up of your attached open records request dated 5/24/24,
> please find attached response letter.
>
>
>
> I have forwarded a copy of your records request to our PD and have asked
> them to get back in touch with me in the next
>
> few days to let me know what documents will be available for your request. *Please
> do not send any payment until you*
>
> *hear back from me advising you of what documents will be available from
> the PD for this request.*
>
>
>
> Thanks so much. Hope you are having a good day.
>
>
>
> Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal
>
> Department of Law
>
> City of Jeffersonville
>
> 500 Quartermaster Court
>
> Jeffersonville, IN 47130
>
>
>
> *From:* Jessa Galosmo 
> *Sent:* Friday, May 24, 2024 10:33 AM
> *To:* Johnna Anderson 
> *Subject:* Open records Request- Erin McCloskey
>
>
>
> CAUTION: This email originated from outside your organization. Exercise
> caution when opening attachments or clicking links, especially from unknown
> senders.
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> Please see attached open records request form. Thanks.
>
>
>
> --
>
> All the best,
>
> Jessa Galosmo
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)357-9975
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> This email was scanned by Bitdefender
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
