---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-19

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 12:09:54

Recvd Allstate EOBs - Saved to PIP File #EOBs #MB

## 11:39:38

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2022 11:13:00 -0400

Thanks, I will keep you updated.with the treatment

On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 10:26 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Kathy,
>    Thank you so much. I will get these submitted for payment. The medical
> bills will go to Allstate & the rental receipt will go to Dairyland for
> reimbursement. At this point now that the property damages are resolved, we
> will continue to collect medical bills & records related to your injuries
> until you have completed treatment and/or have reached maximum medical
> improvement. Once you have completed treatment we will get in any missing
> records or bills and will submit a Demand on your behalf. However, we will
> discuss that in further detail once we reach that phase.
>     Please be sure to keep us posted on any medical providers you have or
> will see.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 8:44 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>
>> I attached a copy of what I paid for the rental car and chiropractor out
>> of my pocket...I also attached some diagnosis from Synergy and my
>> Chiropractor.  Please keep me in the loop about what is going on.  Again,
>> thanks for your help.  I have no idea how this works.
>>
>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 1:24 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>
>>> Will do, thank you.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 12:43 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good afternoon Kathy,
>>>>     I apologize for the delayed response. We are trying to discuss the
>>>> 80/20 liability decision with Mr. Blackwood, but as you are aware, he is
>>>> difficult to reach. The representative I spoke with on Friday advised that
>>>> Mr. Blackwood has been in a training session and is away from his desk
>>>> currently. I have left a voicemail for his supervisor to call us back.
>>>>     Please send me the receipt for the rental and we will get it
>>>> submitted on your behalf. Also, send us any bills you have received and we
>>>> will reach out to the providers and submit them for payment.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 11:18 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I was confused by your last email...about the final bill for the car
>>>>> rental.  Who am I supposed to send this to?  I also have a bill from the
>>>>> Chiropractor as well.  Also, I don't understand about the 20 % liability
>>>>> that I supposedly have?  What did I do wrong?  I had the green light and
>>>>> the were not at the intersection at the time I went to make my turn.  Sorry
>>>>> to be a pain, but this is distressing me!  I am out $900 for the
>>>>> deductible, $400 for the car rental and 400 is for the Chiropractor!
>>>>>
>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>
>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:58 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Also, I did finally get my car back last Thursday.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:57 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I don't understand how they only accept 80% liability...their
>>>>>>> insured ran a red light.  I had a green light turning left.  I have the
>>>>>>> receipt from the rental car, I can send in ...to you or Dairyland.  I am
>>>>>>> still going to the Chiropractor and to Synergy Rehab.  getting better
>>>>>>> slowly.  Thanks for the update!
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Kathy,
>>>>>>>>    I was finally able to reach someone at Dairyland (Sentry) and
>>>>>>>> they are sending over an acknowledgement today. We also discuss the
>>>>>>>> liability decision and they have accepted 80% liability based on the
>>>>>>>> evidence. I will be sending that information over to Aaron for his review.
>>>>>>>>     They advised that as far as the rental goes, once your
>>>>>>>> insurance coverage is exhausted, the remainder would be paid out of pocket
>>>>>>>> by you. Once you have the receipt for the remainder of rental, you can send
>>>>>>>> that in to be reimbursed for.
>>>>>>>>      Have you heard anymore about when the vehicle will be
>>>>>>>> finished? How is treatment going?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:33 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Just curious if you have heard anything from the other insurance
>>>>>>>>> company?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 7, 2022 at 2:27 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Thank you for the update Kathy, I apologize for the
>>>>>>>>>> delayed response.
>>>>>>>>>> We will reach out to the adjuster and see what is going on.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:06 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> sorry just really frustrated!
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:01 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I
>>>>>>>>>>>> will have at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood
>>>>>>>>>>>> again and got someone else who said they still have not determined
>>>>>>>>>>>> coverage.   They asked if I have an attorney and said I should not
>>>>>>>>>>>> communicate except thru you
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is
>>>>>>>>>>>>> going on with this car accident case.  Thanks
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 502-640-2363
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Can someone let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Sarena,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> car for the last week since my car is not done and my insurance company
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> stopped paying after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Friday...I have tried to call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> has not returned my calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

## 10:36:35

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2022 10:25:08 -0400

Good morning Kathy,
   Thank you so much. I will get these submitted for payment. The medical
bills will go to Allstate & the rental receipt will go to Dairyland for
reimbursement. At this point now that the property damages are resolved, we
will continue to collect medical bills & records related to your injuries
until you have completed treatment and/or have reached maximum medical
improvement. Once you have completed treatment we will get in any missing
records or bills and will submit a Demand on your behalf. However, we will
discuss that in further detail once we reach that phase.
    Please be sure to keep us posted on any medical providers you have or
will see.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Oct 19, 2022 at 8:44 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> I attached a copy of what I paid for the rental car and chiropractor out
> of my pocket...I also attached some diagnosis from Synergy and my
> Chiropractor.  Please keep me in the loop about what is going on.  Again,
> thanks for your help.  I have no idea how this works.
>
> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 1:24 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>
>> Will do, thank you.
>>
>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 12:43 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good afternoon Kathy,
>>>     I apologize for the delayed response. We are trying to discuss the
>>> 80/20 liability decision with Mr. Blackwood, but as you are aware, he is
>>> difficult to reach. The representative I spoke with on Friday advised that
>>> Mr. Blackwood has been in a training session and is away from his desk
>>> currently. I have left a voicemail for his supervisor to call us back.
>>>     Please send me the receipt for the rental and we will get it
>>> submitted on your behalf. Also, send us any bills you have received and we
>>> will reach out to the providers and submit them for payment.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 11:18 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> I was confused by your last email...about the final bill for the car
>>>> rental.  Who am I supposed to send this to?  I also have a bill from the
>>>> Chiropractor as well.  Also, I don't understand about the 20 % liability
>>>> that I supposedly have?  What did I do wrong?  I had the green light and
>>>> the were not at the intersection at the time I went to make my turn.  Sorry
>>>> to be a pain, but this is distressing me!  I am out $900 for the
>>>> deductible, $400 for the car rental and 400 is for the Chiropractor!
>>>>
>>>> Thanks!
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:58 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Also, I did finally get my car back last Thursday.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:57 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I don't understand how they only accept 80% liability...their insured
>>>>>> ran a red light.  I had a green light turning left.  I have the receipt
>>>>>> from the rental car, I can send in ...to you or Dairyland.  I am still
>>>>>> going to the Chiropractor and to Synergy Rehab.  getting better slowly.
>>>>>> Thanks for the update!
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Good morning Kathy,
>>>>>>>    I was finally able to reach someone at Dairyland (Sentry) and
>>>>>>> they are sending over an acknowledgement today. We also discuss the
>>>>>>> liability decision and they have accepted 80% liability based on the
>>>>>>> evidence. I will be sending that information over to Aaron for his review.
>>>>>>>     They advised that as far as the rental goes, once your insurance
>>>>>>> coverage is exhausted, the remainder would be paid out of pocket by you.
>>>>>>> Once you have the receipt for the remainder of rental, you can send that in
>>>>>>> to be reimbursed for.
>>>>>>>      Have you heard anymore about when the vehicle will be finished?
>>>>>>> How is treatment going?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:33 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Just curious if you have heard anything from the other insurance
>>>>>>>> company?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 7, 2022 at 2:27 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Thank you for the update Kathy, I apologize for the
>>>>>>>>> delayed response.
>>>>>>>>> We will reach out to the adjuster and see what is going on.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:06 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> sorry just really frustrated!
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:01 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I
>>>>>>>>>>> will have at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood
>>>>>>>>>>> again and got someone else who said they still have not determined
>>>>>>>>>>> coverage.   They asked if I have an attorney and said I should not
>>>>>>>>>>> communicate except thru you
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is
>>>>>>>>>>>> going on with this car accident case.  Thanks
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>> 502-640-2363
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Can someone let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Sarena,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> car for the last week since my car is not done and my insurance company
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> stopped paying after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Friday...I have tried to call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> has not returned my calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Good morning Mary,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>     Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm to assist you
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> with your motor vehicle accident on August 29, 2022. I will be your case
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> manager and main point of contact throughout this process. Please do not
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> hesitate to contact us to d

## 10:13:30

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2022 08:43:59 -0400

I attached a copy of what I paid for the rental car and chiropractor out of
my pocket...I also attached some diagnosis from Synergy and my
Chiropractor.  Please keep me in the loop about what is going on.  Again,
thanks for your help.  I have no idea how this works.

On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 1:24 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> Will do, thank you.
>
> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 12:43 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good afternoon Kathy,
>>     I apologize for the delayed response. We are trying to discuss the
>> 80/20 liability decision with Mr. Blackwood, but as you are aware, he is
>> difficult to reach. The representative I spoke with on Friday advised that
>> Mr. Blackwood has been in a training session and is away from his desk
>> currently. I have left a voicemail for his supervisor to call us back.
>>     Please send me the receipt for the rental and we will get it
>> submitted on your behalf. Also, send us any bills you have received and we
>> will reach out to the providers and submit them for payment.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Oct 17, 2022 at 11:18 AM Kathy Hagan 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I was confused by your last email...about the final bill for the car
>>> rental.  Who am I supposed to send this to?  I also have a bill from the
>>> Chiropractor as well.  Also, I don't understand about the 20 % liability
>>> that I supposedly have?  What did I do wrong?  I had the green light and
>>> the were not at the intersection at the time I went to make my turn.  Sorry
>>> to be a pain, but this is distressing me!  I am out $900 for the
>>> deductible, $400 for the car rental and 400 is for the Chiropractor!
>>>
>>> Thanks!
>>>
>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:58 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Also, I did finally get my car back last Thursday.
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:57 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I don't understand how they only accept 80% liability...their insured
>>>>> ran a red light.  I had a green light turning left.  I have the receipt
>>>>> from the rental car, I can send in ...to you or Dairyland.  I am still
>>>>> going to the Chiropractor and to Synergy Rehab.  getting better slowly.
>>>>> Thanks for the update!
>>>>>
>>>>> On Fri, Oct 14, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good morning Kathy,
>>>>>>    I was finally able to reach someone at Dairyland (Sentry) and they
>>>>>> are sending over an acknowledgement today. We also discuss the liability
>>>>>> decision and they have accepted 80% liability based on the evidence. I will
>>>>>> be sending that information over to Aaron for his review.
>>>>>>     They advised that as far as the rental goes, once your insurance
>>>>>> coverage is exhausted, the remainder would be paid out of pocket by you.
>>>>>> Once you have the receipt for the remainder of rental, you can send that in
>>>>>> to be reimbursed for.
>>>>>>      Have you heard anymore about when the vehicle will be finished?
>>>>>> How is treatment going?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 11, 2022 at 11:33 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Just curious if you have heard anything from the other insurance
>>>>>>> company?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Thanks!
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Fri, Oct 7, 2022 at 2:27 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Thank you for the update Kathy, I apologize for the
>>>>>>>> delayed response.
>>>>>>>> We will reach out to the adjuster and see what is going on.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:06 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> sorry just really frustrated!
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:01 PM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I
>>>>>>>>>> will have at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood
>>>>>>>>>> again and got someone else who said they still have not determined
>>>>>>>>>> coverage.   They asked if I have an attorney and said I should not
>>>>>>>>>> communicate except thru you
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is
>>>>>>>>>>> going on with this car accident case.  Thanks
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>> 502-640-2363
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.
>>>>>>>>>>>> Can someone let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan <
>>>>>>>>>>>> katcab2010@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Sarena,
>>>>>>>>>>>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental
>>>>>>>>>>>>> car for the last week since my car is not done and my insurance company
>>>>>>>>>>>>> stopped paying after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Friday...I have tried to call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he
>>>>>>>>>>>>> has not returned my calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Good morning Mary,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>     Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm to assist you
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> with your motor vehicle accident on August 29, 2022. I will be your case
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> manager and main point of contact throughout this process. Please do not
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> hesitate to contact us to discuss any questions you may have.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>     At this time, we have reached out to your insurance for
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> your Personal Injury Protection Claim and are awaiting their response. We
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> have also reached out to the Jefferson County Clerk's office to verify
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> whether the At Fault party was insured at the time of your incident. Our
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> understanding is that you have received correspondence from Sentry
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Insurance and would like a copy of that letter for our review and to be
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> added to your file. Please forward a copy of the Sentry Letter to our
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> office as soon as possible.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>     Again, Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm and
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.c
