---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-07

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 14:35:11

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 7 Oct 2022 14:27:29 -0400

Thank you for the update Kathy, I apologize for the delayed response.
We will reach out to the adjuster and see what is going on.


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:06 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> sorry just really frustrated!
>
> On Tue, Oct 4, 2022 at 4:01 PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>
>> I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I will have
>> at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood again and
>> got someone else who said they still have not determined coverage.   They
>> asked if I have an attorney and said I should not communicate except thru
>> you
>>
>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>
>>> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is going on
>>> with this car accident case.  Thanks
>>>
>>> Mary Hagan
>>> 502-640-2363
>>>
>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.  Can
>>>> someone let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>>>
>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Sarena,
>>>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental car for
>>>>> the last week since my car is not done and my insurance company stopped
>>>>> paying after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back Friday...I have
>>>>> tried to call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he has not returned
>>>>> my calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>>>
>>>>> Mary Hagan
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good morning Mary,
>>>>>>     Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm to assist you with
>>>>>> your motor vehicle accident on August 29, 2022. I will be your case manager
>>>>>> and main point of contact throughout this process. Please do not hesitate
>>>>>> to contact us to discuss any questions you may have.
>>>>>>     At this time, we have reached out to your insurance for your
>>>>>> Personal Injury Protection Claim and are awaiting their response. We have
>>>>>> also reached out to the Jefferson County Clerk's office to verify whether
>>>>>> the At Fault party was insured at the time of your incident. Our
>>>>>> understanding is that you have received correspondence from Sentry
>>>>>> Insurance and would like a copy of that letter for our review and to be
>>>>>> added to your file. Please forward a copy of the Sentry Letter to our
>>>>>> office as soon as possible.
>>>>>>     Again, Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm and please do
>>>>>> not hesitate to contact us with any questions.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>
>> --
>> Kathy Hagan
>>
> --
> Kathy Hagan
>

## 14:30:17

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2022 16:01:53 -0400

I just found out that my car won’t be ready till Thursday and I will have
at least a $400 rental car bill.  Tried to contact Zack Blackwood again and
got someone else who said they still have not determined coverage.   They
asked if I have an attorney and said I should not communicate except thru
you

On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 11:09 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> Following up on this...I am still trying to find out what is going on with
> this car accident case.  Thanks
>
> Mary Hagan
> 502-640-2363
>
> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 11:43 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>
>> I have attached a copy of the letter from Sentry Insurance.  Can someone
>> let me know what is going on with this ?  Thanks!
>>
>> Mary Hagan
>>
>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 9:30 AM Kathy Hagan  wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Sarena,
>>> I was following up on this, I have had to pay for the rental car for the
>>> last week since my car is not done and my insurance company stopped paying
>>> after 30 days.  Hopefully, I will have my car back Friday...I have tried to
>>> call Zack Blackwood with Sentry Insurance and he has not returned my
>>> calls.  Just wondering where we are in this process?
>>>
>>> Mary Hagan
>>>
>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 12:02 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good morning Mary,
>>>>     Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm to assist you with your
>>>> motor vehicle accident on August 29, 2022. I will be your case manager and
>>>> main point of contact throughout this process. Please do not hesitate to
>>>> contact us to discuss any questions you may have.
>>>>     At this time, we have reached out to your insurance for your
>>>> Personal Injury Protection Claim and are awaiting their response. We have
>>>> also reached out to the Jefferson County Clerk's office to verify whether
>>>> the At Fault party was insured at the time of your incident. Our
>>>> understanding is that you have received correspondence from Sentry
>>>> Insurance and would like a copy of that letter for our review and to be
>>>> added to your file. Please forward a copy of the Sentry Letter to our
>>>> office as soon as possible.
>>>>     Again, Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm and please do not
>>>> hesitate to contact us with any questions.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Kathy Hagan
>>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Kathy Hagan
>>
>
>
> --
> Kathy Hagan
>
-- 
Kathy Hagan
