---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-05

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 10:14:27

__Re: Client Check-in__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 24 May 2023 15:11:13 -0400

I am having issues getting my chiropractor paid.  There are a couple issues
with payment...I had Humana insurance in 2022 and the chiropractor is not
in network for them.  In January of this year my company changed to BCBS
Anthem.  The chiropractor is in network with them.  The way it has been
explained to me is that the way you guys submitted bills it was not in my
favor.  I have talked to Jessa a couple of times and have text messages
between us...She is not really understanding what is going on.  I got a
call from the attorney I believe it is Aaron?  About the settlement that
Jessa knew nothing about.  I am reaching out to you since I don't know who
else to contact.

Mary Hagan
502-640-2363

On Mon, Jan 16, 2023 at 11:45?AM Faye Gaither 
wrote:

> Thanks for speaking with me Mary - here is my email address as promised.
> Have a great day!
> Faye Gaither, Client Liaison
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane, Louisville KY 40222
> (502) 583-4022
>
>

-- 
Kathy Hagan

## 10:14:09

__Re: Client Check-in__
From: Kathy Hagan  [katcab2010@gmail.com](mailto:katcab2010@gmail.com)
To: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 25 May 2023 09:12:03 -0400

This looks like it was resolved...my chiropractor called me back today.
Thanks!

On Wed, May 24, 2023 at 3:11?PM Kathy Hagan  wrote:

> I am having issues getting my chiropractor paid.  There are a couple
> issues with payment...I had Humana insurance in 2022 and the chiropractor
> is not in network for them.  In January of this year my company changed to
> BCBS Anthem.  The chiropractor is in network with them.  The way it has
> been explained to me is that the way you guys submitted bills it was not in
> my favor.  I have talked to Jessa a couple of times and have text messages
> between us...She is not really understanding what is going on.  I got a
> call from the attorney I believe it is Aaron?  About the settlement that
> Jessa knew nothing about.  I am reaching out to you since I don't know who
> else to contact.
>
> Mary Hagan
> 502-640-2363
>
> On Mon, Jan 16, 2023 at 11:45?AM Faye Gaither 
> wrote:
>
>> Thanks for speaking with me Mary - here is my email address as promised.
>> Have a great day!
>> Faye Gaither, Client Liaison
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane, Louisville KY 40222
>> (502) 583-4022
>>
>>
>
> --
> Kathy Hagan
>


-- 
Kathy Hagan
