---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-12

**Case:** [[cases/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022/mary-hagan-mva-08-19-2022|Mary Hagan MVA 08/19/2022]]

## 10:36:02

__FW: Allstate Claim:0681747549 - Mary Hagan__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Mon, 12 Jun 2023 10:35:08 -0400

See below. Did adjuster send this to you? I don?t see in file

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Allstate Insurance  
Sent: Monday, June 12, 2023 10:34 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Allstate Claim:0681747549 - Mary Hagan

 

   


 




Claim 0681747549

 





  


Justin,

 

Attempting to reach out to you again on this one. Is your office still pursuing a UIMBI claim? Additionally, I am unable to respond to your Coots notice until I have a copy of the liability carrier offer letter and dec page.

 

PHILLIP AGDUYENG
Allstate Insurance Company
Phone: (615) 884-6560
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR5c7aa53ecc9441 *** 








Did you find this email useful?



  

  


  


  MyClaim   |     Tools & Resources   |     Allstate.com

	

This email was sent to you at justin@whaleylawfirm.com  


? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.   Privacy Statement   |     Contact Us

	
	

P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T


EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
