---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-30

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 12:57:39

Returned Client Call - He received BGHN Denial as well - Advised that is just for his records - Carrie & I spoke about it yesterday and she will handle it - Also advised status of WC accepting claim and Adj should be processing TTD benefits soon as well as we should have a formal decision from BI Secura this week as well - Client expressed understanding and appreciated all the help. #cc

## 12:51:12

__New Voice Message from DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 on 11/30/2022 10:31 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 30 Nov 2022 15:32:16 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 
*Received:* Wednesday, November 30, 2022 at 10:31 AM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Morning Serena. This is Diane saying you called hope you're doing a last 
name. I guess call me back, I don't know if it's about that, that's got the 
review notice in denial from Bluegrass health networks." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 12:30:35

Recvd call from Carrie w/Synergy - They received BGHN Denial of services - Advised to follow instructions at the end that explains how to call & request reconsideration & Peer to Peer Review Conference - Carrie Advised she would handle this - She also advised Client received some type of letter and would like a call - Advised prepping for mediation in the morning and would call today #Provider #TxDenial #P2PReview
