---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-22

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 10:20:11

Good morning Damian,
I received your text message from Mrs. Faye. I'm glad to hear that your supervisor (owner) is opening a claim for you. Please give me a call to discuss this claim in further detail. Your employer should provide you with the WC Insurance Carrier Contact information and claim number, please forward those to our office upon receipt.

## 11:22:57

Recvd Call back from Client - Discuss new benefits he will be entitled to via his WC Claim - TTD Benefits, Milage Reimbursement, Medical Coverage & Impairment Settlement - Advised Client to make sure he provides us the insurance info upon receipt - Also discussed his follow up appts - He seen a cardiologist yesterday and have a follow up in Oct - He has scheduled an appt with a neurologist but stated they are booked until Feb - Advised Client to send us any & all provider information to obtain medical records & to so we can see about getting his neurologist appt moved up to the near future - Client expressed understanding and stated he will send this information within a hour or so #cc #WC

## 12:08:16

Client was seen by Norton Heart Specialist on 09/21/2022 - Exercise Stress Echo & Holter Monitor Hookup scheduled w/ SCC Cardiology 10/25/2022 #TxStatus

## 10:51:45

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-09-22 14:27:00.570000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5025462385 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 546-2385, Personal Mobile:(502) 546-2385 

Caller Name: Damian M Daunhauer 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6470954

## 10:19:13

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-09-22 14:16:35.494000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5025462385 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 546-2385, Personal Mobile:(502) 546-2385 

Caller Name: Damian M Daunhauer 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6470954

## 10:19:52

Good morning Damian,
I received your text message from Mrs. Faye. I'm glad to hear that your supervisor (owner) is opening a claim for you. Please give me a call to discuss this claim in further detail. Your employer should provide you with the WC Insurance Carrier Contact information and claim number, please forward those to our office upon receipt. #cc

## 10:18:11

Recvd Client text from FG - He advised that when he spoke to supervisor about tear in shoulder and current light duty restrictions, Supervisor advised that he will be opening a WC for Client - Called Client to discuss further - LVM #cc #WC

## 10:08:23

__Fwd: New Text Message from (502) 546-2385 on 09/21/2022 3:50 PM__
From: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 22 Sep 2022 10:02:45 -0400

I believe this is Damian Daunhauer....

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Sep 21, 2022 at 3:50 PM
Subject: New Text Message from (502) 546-2385 on 09/21/2022 3:50 PM
To: Faye Gaither 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Text Message
------------------------------

Dear Faye Gaither,

You have a new text message:
*From:* (502) 546-2385
*To:* Faye Gaither
*Received:* Wednesday, September 21, 2022 at 3:50 PM
*Message:* I informed the owner today my rotator cup was tore and I think
he's gonna open a workman comp
To reply using the RingCentral app, click here
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.

## 10:01:27

message left by client: I informed the owner today my rotator cup was tore and I think he's gonna open a workman comp - forwarding to ST #cc
