---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-27

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 15:03:49

Still No Contact from CGL Carrier for AES - Called DC Cass & Requested he follow up with his client as to who the carrier is & any related claim information such as Claim Number or Adjuster Contact Information - He will follow up with them #BI #DC

## 18:55:24

Had client's first name misspelled. It's Damien.

## 15:36:48

Medical request sent to synergy

## 15:30:35

Fax to Synergy Rehab (937) 748-3868 <small>Page Count:2</small>

## 15:06:52

Returned Client call from Friday - LVM - Need to confirm whether he is continuing to treat with Cardiologist &Neurologist - Need to clarify release from PT and whether there is additional treatment for his shoulder #cc

## 14:54:58

__New Voice Message from DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 on 10/21/2022 11:33 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 21 Oct 2022 15:34:06 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* DAUNHAUER,DAMIE (502) 546-2385 
*Received:* Friday, October 21, 2022 at 11:33 AM 
*Length:* 00:31 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey Serena, it's Friday morning. This is Diane obviously no get that you 
don't have any kind of progress of what's going on with it. I guess if you 
call me back at your convenience. They're going to release me here from 
physical therapy. He's still haven't heard back from the sour creams of 
rooms. So if you could find some time. Give me a call back please and thank 
you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
