---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-29

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 15:01:43

__NCP (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-003997, DAUNHAUER, DAMIAN M VS. ADVANCED ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS, INC. Envelope # 6498323__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Bryce@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 28 Aug 2023 15:54:54 -0400

 Notification of Court Processing

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: August 28, 2023 at 3:54PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: DAUNHAUER, DAMIAN M VS. ADVANCED ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS, INC.

Case Number: 23-CI-003997

Envelope Number: 6498323

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Walker, Charles - cwalker@sonlegal.com

Scheduled Event:
No scheduled events

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
NOTICE OF SERVICE

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=6498323

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=C04B42C5-DF4F-4EB1-9073-F42F8D16525B

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 11:53:13

__Daunhauer, Damien DOI 7.28.22 & 10.24.22__
From: Orise Mbaye  [orisem@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:orisem@mysynergyrehab.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 00:49:54 -0400

## 11:52:22

__Daunhauer, Damien DOI 7.28.22 & 10.24.22__
From: Orise Mbaye  [orisem@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:orisem@mysynergyrehab.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 00:49:54 -0400
