---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-04

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022/damian-m-daunhauer-wc-premise-07-28-2022|Damian M Daunhauer WC/Premise 07/28/2022]]

## 12:14:05

__New Voice Message from NORTON HEART SP (502) 891-8300 on 01/03/2024 4:04 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 3 Jan 2024 21:04:30 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* NORTON HEART SP (502) 891-8300 
*Received:* Wednesday, January 03, 2024 at 4:04 PM 
*Length:* 00:25 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Sarena, this is Michelle Brand. I am giving you a call back from 
Norton Heart Vascular Institute. I inquired to my team if there is anyone 
interested in doing the independent medical exam and no 1 responded with 
any interest of doing so. So at this time, I do not have a provider to do 
this. Let me know If there is anything else that I can do for you, thank 
you so much, bye bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
