---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-03

**Case:** [[cases/derica-johnson-mva-9-18-20/derica-johnson-mva-9-18-20|D'Erica Johnson MVA 9/18/20]]

## 13:34:24

@aaronw Recvd VM from BI Adj - They are only willing to accept 50% liability - There is video of the accident - How would you like to proceed?

## 13:31:46

__New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL  (513) 826-4356 on 09/27/2022 12:09 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2022 16:09:47 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (513) 826-4356 
*Received:* Tuesday, September 27, 2022 at 12:09 PM 
*Length:* 01:21 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Serena. Hi, this is Tara Johnson with Liberty Mutual just following up 
with you on the claim for your client. The Erica Johnson the claim is in 
suit. We're at a disagreement on liability, you're suggesting that our 
insured is completely at fault. We're willing to concede at 5050 on the 
claim your client did run a stop sign and based on the video went through a 
rolling stop and our insured was right in front of them when they struck 
our insured vehicle, so that's our position but even then so I'm just 
following up to see if you're if you guys wanted to try and resolve the 
claim it is in Sioux like I said if not we can continue to walk it out to 
see if anything else comes up for us to see if there's any change in our 
value, but that see it my number is 513-826-4356. Let me know if your 
client wants to consider. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
