---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-09"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-09

**Case:** [[cases/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023|Patrick Black MVA 6/2/2023]]

## 08:19:21

__New Insurance Note:__ 10/09 adjuster called offering $3000 settlement
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Repwest Insurance
__Written by:__ Jessa 
 #Inotes

## 08:18:54

__Fwd: New Voice Message from (833) 228-0632 on 10/06/2023 5:23 PM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon
Date: Mon, 9 Oct 2023 08:18:35 -0400

Adjuster called to offer $3000 for settlement.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Oct 6, 2023 at 5:23?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from (833) 228-0632 on 10/06/2023 5:23 PM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (833) 228-0632
*Received:* Friday, October 06, 2023 at 5:23 PM
*Length:* 01:13
*To:* (502) 357-9975 Jessa Galosmo

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
"Hi, Jessa. This is Daniel with West. You Halls Insurance Company calling
on clients. Get that back to that page. I am sorry, Chris Saunders and
Patrick Black date of loss is 6 to 2023. And at this time, we can offer
$3,000 each to settle these claims. And please email me, we could settle
that with a signed release, email me at DA B as in Boy E R N I E. R. At
Rep. West.com, that is D. Bernier at Rep s.com. Please put our file number
in the subject line. And that is 0313448 72023. And it looks like we got
socials and date of birth for Patrick Black and Chris Saunders, so, yeah,
we just need. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
