---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-06

**Case:** [[cases/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023|Patrick Black MVA 6/2/2023]]

## 10:59:43

__FW: Claim#:053734038-05   Patrick Black  Date of loss:  6/02/23__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [PatrickBlackMVAZ3873113@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:PatrickBlackMVAZ3873113@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 6 Sep 2023 10:59:36 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Kroner, William  
Sent: Wednesday, September 6, 2023 10:58 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim#:053734038-05 Patrick Black Date of loss: 6/02/23

 


 
 

 
 

 


 

 


Attorney Chumbley,

 

Thank you again for taking my call to discuss this matter.  As we discussed,
you acknowledged that you would no longer foresee UIM potential for the
above-mentioned loss given the minor injuries sustained.  As such, I will
close the UIM exposure which had been captured for Patrick Black
accordingly.  

 

In the event that there are new developments or issues that arise with the
underlying carrier, kindly advise and we can certainly re-open or discuss
other options available under the policy (i.e. uninsured) as needed.

 

Best regards,

 

William Kroner

Sr. Resolution Specialist

USRM - PL Casualty Claims - AR

USPS Mail (no FedEx or UPS): P.O. Box 5014, Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Direct Phone: 513-867-3668

Fax: 866-567-1252

Business Hours: Monday to Friday (9:00 AM to 5:30 PM time zone)

  william.kroner@libertymutual.com

 


USPS Mail Only

FedEX/UPS
(including Overnight, Next Day, and other non-USPS deliveries)


Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
P.O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
19 Bert Collins Drive
Throop, PA 18512



This e-mail, and any attachments hereto, is intended only for the use of the
addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments hereto, is strictly prohibited.
If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me via return
e-mail and via telephone at 513-867-3668 and permanently delete the original
and any attachment and any copy/printout thereof.  Thank you.

 

 

 


 

 


 
 

 


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 053734038},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM}]

	 


Policy underwritten by Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company

C 2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA
02116
