---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-21"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-21

**Case:** [[cases/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023/patrick-black-mva-6-2-2023|Patrick Black MVA 6/2/2023]]

## 11:33:01

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 2/21 calm
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Repwest Insurance
__Written by:__ Aaron Whaley
 #negotiations

## 11:09:04

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 2/21 35k offer received
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Repwest Insurance
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations

## 11:07:27

__Fwd: New Voice Message from (833) 228-0632 on 02/21/2024 9:31 AM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Greg Whaley, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Wed, 21 Feb 2024 10:07:07 -0500

BI adjuster offer for Patrick Black MVA 06/02/23 is $35000

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Feb 21, 2024 at 9:31?AM
Subject: New Voice Message from (833) 228-0632 on 02/21/2024 9:31 AM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (833) 228-0632
*Received:* Wednesday, February 21, 2024 at 9:31 AM
*Length:* 00:52
*To:* (502) 357-9975 Jessa Galosmo

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Jessa, this is Daniel with REP West, where you halls insurance company
call on client Patrick Black, date of loss is 6 to 2023 and we will receive
the demand in the file. And I just wanted to set forth an offer, a
settlement offer of $35,000, if you could have the attorney talks over With
Mr. Black and let me know and I will get a release emailed out. My email
address is DB E R N i. E R at RE pwest.com. That is da Berner at Rep.
Ws.com. Please put our file number in the subject line and that is 03
134-487-2023. Thank you very much. Have a great day."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
