---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-06-12"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-06-12

**Case:** [[cases/curtis-mcguire-mva-12-01-2023/curtis-mcguire-mva-12-01-2023|Curtis McGuire MVA 12/01/2023]]

## 15:28:22

__Re: Curtis McGuire__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com), [CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2024 15:28:05 -0400

Will do

On Wed, Jun 12, 2024 at 3:27?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> He doesnt want rhe PIP check until he gets out of the nursing home. Bryce,
> set a time to go to him. Take his check md we can get all the information
> we need. Get evwrything we would need to answer basic interrogatories.
>
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
> On Wed, Jun 12, 2024 at 12:42?PM  wrote:
>
>> I think the best route for us to take is for someone to go visit him.
>> He’s really hard to get on the phone. Either his cousin has to be there at
>> the nursing home to hold the phone or an actual nurse.
>>
>>
>>
>> Justin Chumbley
>>
>> Whaley Law Firm
>>
>> Ph: (502)583-4022
>>
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
>> *Sent:* Wednesday, June 12, 2024 12:39 PM
>> *To:* Justin Chumbley ; Bryce Koon <
>> bryce@whaleylawfirm.com>
>> *Cc:* Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address <
>> CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>
>> *Subject:* Curtis McGuire
>>
>>
>>
>> We need a few things done on this file.
>>
>> 1. We need to clear up UIM. He lived in a household with multiple people.
>> Any of them have car insurance with UIM?
>>
>> 2. I looked at his records and it says he is/was legally blind. What was
>> his living situation? Did he work?
>>
>> 3. Double check that we have all medical providers. Will need to order
>> priors.
>>
>>
>>
>> --
>>
>> Aaron Whaley
>>
>> Whaley Law Firm
>>
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> 
>>
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>>
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>>
>

## 15:27:39

__Re: Curtis McGuire__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2024 15:27:23 -0400

He doesnt want rhe PIP check until he gets out of the nursing home. Bryce,
set a time to go to him. Take his check md we can get all the information
we need. Get evwrything we would need to answer basic interrogatories.

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022



On Wed, Jun 12, 2024 at 12:42?PM  wrote:

> I think the best route for us to take is for someone to go visit him. He’s
> really hard to get on the phone. Either his cousin has to be there at the
> nursing home to hold the phone or an actual nurse.
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, June 12, 2024 12:39 PM
> *To:* Justin Chumbley ; Bryce Koon <
> bryce@whaleylawfirm.com>
> *Cc:* Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address <
> CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>
> *Subject:* Curtis McGuire
>
>
>
> We need a few things done on this file.
>
> 1. We need to clear up UIM. He lived in a household with multiple people.
> Any of them have car insurance with UIM?
>
> 2. I looked at his records and it says he is/was legally blind. What was
> his living situation? Did he work?
>
> 3. Double check that we have all medical providers. Will need to order
> priors.
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> 
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>

## 13:55:22

Called Mr McQuire to let him know I have his PIP check -$10,000 - he said he is getting out of the nursing home in 2 weeks...and asked if I could mail it for him then - he said he did not want any of his relatives getting ahold of his money" - I told him I would hold the check until I heard from him and he is out of the nursing home.. check #7512 for $10,000#cc

## 12:42:06

__RE: Curtis McGuire__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley', [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Bryce Koon'
Cc: [CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) 'Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address'
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2024 12:42:00 -0400

I think the best route for us to take is for someone to go visit him. He’s really hard to get on the phone. Either his cousin has to be there at the nursing home to hold the phone or an actual nurse. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  
Sent: Wednesday, June 12, 2024 12:39 PM
To: Justin Chumbley ; Bryce Koon 
Cc: Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address 
Subject: Curtis McGuire

 

We need a few things done on this file. 

1. We need to clear up UIM. He lived in a household with multiple people. Any of them have car insurance with UIM?

2. I looked at his records and it says he is/was legally blind. What was his living situation? Did he work? 

3. Double check that we have all medical providers. Will need to order priors. 


 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

## 12:39:15

__Curtis McGuire__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon
Cc: [CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CurtisMcGuireMVAZ4520968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Curtis McGuire - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2024 12:38:58 -0400

We need a few things done on this file.
1. We need to clear up UIM. He lived in a household with multiple people.
Any of them have car insurance with UIM?
2. I looked at his records and it says he is/was legally blind. What was
his living situation? Did he work?
3. Double check that we have all medical providers. Will need to order
priors.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
