---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-31

**Case:** [[cases/anthony-lynn-colyer-jr-mva-7-15-2022/anthony-lynn-colyer-jr-mva-7-15-2022|Anthony Lynn Colyer Jr MVA 7/15/2022]]

## 15:17:58

Contact Anthony Lynn Colyer Jr at (502) 667-0235 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 15:16:06

__Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (877) 2137258 - Sent__
From: RingCentral [service@ringcentral.com](mailto:service@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2022 19:15:54 +0000 (UTC)





    




    

    



    

    Fax Transmission Result



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Transmission Result
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            Here are the results of the 2-page fax you sent from your phone number (502) 357-9939, Ext. 111
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    Name
                                    Phone Number
                                    Date and Time
                                    Result
                                
                                
                                
                                     
                                    +1 (877) 2137258
                                    Wednesday, August 31, 2022 at 3:15 PM
                                    Sent
                                
                                
                            
                            
                            
                            Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax format for transmission:
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    File Name
                                    Result
                                
                                
                                
                                    LOR to BI.pdf
                                    Success
                                
                                
                            
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    View this message on your 
                                    RingCentral app.
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            

            
                
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 15:12:53

__22-6159622__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [8772137258@rcfax.com](mailto:8772137258@rcfax.com)
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2022 15:12:45 -0400

Please acknowledge receipt

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 14:18:33

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Passenger in vehicle that crossed the center line and struck the other party head on. The driver of the other vehicle was killed.
Happened on Hwy 60 in Indiana

Driver of PC's vehicle was Kathy Danky

EMS to UofL
Followed up with Baptist health in Lagrange, they referred to an Ortho that couldn't schedule him for 8 weeks.
He started with Optimum Health Center 8/31/22 they are setting him up with MRI and Dr. Douglas 

PIP/BI: Progressive
Did not have claim number


__Incident Date__
7/15/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Time of Accident__
8pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Passenger in vehicle that crossed the center line and struck the other party head on.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
back pain, dizzy spells, concussion, numbness in both hands, R elbow

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
Yes

__EMS Services__
Transport to Hospital

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
UofL ER

__Date of Visit__
7/15/2022

__Has Client had Diagnostic Imaging Completed or Scheduled?__
No

__Did Client follow up with their PCP?__
No

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Optimum Health Center

__First Date of Treatment__
8/31/2022

__Prior Injuries & Medical Notes:__
Followed up with Baptist health in Lagrange, they referred to an Ortho that couldn't schedule him for 8 weeks

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Progressive Insurance Company

__Claim Number__
Unsure

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Silver Chevrolet Silverado

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
Client sending some

__Date Taken__
7/15/2022

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Front

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
Bowen Engineering Corporation

__Job Title__
Concrete Finisher

__Rate of Pay__
26

__Per:__
Hour

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Progressive Insurance Company

__BI Claim Number__
Same as BI

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Vehicle P was in crossed into oncoming traffic

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/23/2022 9:05:45 PM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : anthonycolyer1208@gmail.com
First : Anthony
Last : Lynn Colyer Jr
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +15026670235
Summary : How:Truck Accident 
When: Within 1-3 Months
Injuries: Head Injury or Concussion,Surgery
Attorney: I have an attorney but I'm looking for someone else to represent my case 
Description: Head on collision l was the passenger in one vehicle, killed the other driver... Had a concussion, lost my job because of it an I have to follow up with a back surgeon for surgery

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/24/2022 10:21:44 AM - Brandon French - Added note - Called PC and mailbox is full Sending text message as well requesting a call back asap.

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/24/2022 1:39:33 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Called again and no answer, mailbox still full. Updating chase

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/25/2022 2:25:39 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Called PC and no answer, mailbox still full. Updating chase

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/26/2022 2:36:18 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Called PC, no answer, VM is full. Updating chase

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/29/2022 4:35:08 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Currently repped by Carl Truman.  He said before he decides to hire us he wants to give them the benefit of the doubt and speak with them to see what is going on. He said once he does he will let me know something.

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/31/2022 1:49:22 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Called PC back to follow up and he said he never officially signed with Carl Truman. They were reviewing the case but won't return his calls. He believes it was due to a COI because his driver hired them initially. I completed his intake and waiting on E-sign

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/23/2022 9:05:46 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 5026670235 - Message:  - Hello Anthony Lynn Colyer Jr, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/23/2022 9:05:46 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: anthonycolyer1208@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Anthony,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/23/2022 9:07:10 PM - From: +15026670235 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I'd like to get started 
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/24/2022 10:21:50 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: anthonycolyer1208@gmail.com - Message: Anthony, this is The Whaley Law Firm. How can we help! - Hello Anthony, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. My name is Brandon French and I am the Intake Coordinator for our firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502) 677-3361. If you prefer, you can always email me by REPLYING to this message..

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/24/2022 10:22:28 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5026670235 - Message:  - Anthony, this is Brandon with The Whaley Law Firm. Please give me a call at 502-677-3361 when you get a chance. Thanks,
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/24/2022 1:39:39 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 5026670235 - Message:  - Let The Whaley Law Firm help you get the settlement you deserve. It is very important for us to start working as soon as possible to get you the settlement you deserve.   It looks like we have still yet to sp
