---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-01

**Case:** [[cases/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022|James Tofte WC 04/18/2022]]

## 15:31:16

Recvd SSA Intake Packet back - Need to Submit Initial SSA Application post MR Recpt & Review #SSA

## 13:53:43

__Completed: The Whaley Law Firm has Requested Your Signature__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2023 09:30:57 -0700

Hello Aaron Whaley, 

All signers completed The Whaley Law Firm has Requested Your Signature 

Review the document your recipients have signed, and the following payment(s)

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=3cbc08ac-5df1-42b2-a5eb-607c8811a238

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi13cIqplA1rq8gvtazEFpRlxBVMYUOjT8LgZ5_jmYqbfUmL1Xw1bbjKLTt-OZHA2rWrptsR3-LJBHgqI3y-sERkMlnM93JJGbNTmYVov5aBcGthiVOD9bfBQBhOwL-5as4rE6G0BMl4aL3IUaiZwWvjzm8_mJ_7gdZ2jiLGHY7Z5OdoBL_d5GybbbV-EASonueJNg5qYsPq94_BcTD66FDBFkVdQ-76_X5V_62awp6zercIhfiqAuddkWVm1GGoIFFOLY8EtT_tM-tW9IOLimrMhfggV1XyyO_UKfTAXkg39EqntOCBZ4GxvVWWvnNctQaejPdiJG9AeG0RjMuO6Hsqm&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend
