---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-27

**Case:** [[cases/blake-woodrum-dual-wc-mva-8-20-2021/blake-woodrum-dual-wc-mva-8-20-2021|Blake Woodrum Dual WC/MVA 8/20/2021]]

## 14:11:25

Fax to Taylor Regional Hospital (270) 465-3465 <small>Page Count:2</small>

## 14:08:17

Fax to Springview Hospital (270) 692-5189 <small>Page Count:2</small>

## 14:05:28

Fax to SE Emergency Physicians - Memphis (865) 980-9890 <small>Page Count:2</small>

## 14:04:06

Fax to Crossroads Family Medicine (270) 789-1543 <small>Page Count:2</small>

## 13:28:01

__RE: Blake Woodrum__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Sarena Tuttle'
Cc: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley', [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Cameron Smith'
Date: Thu, 27 Oct 2022 13:27:31 -0400

Here is what I just obtained from BI adjuster

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Sarena Tuttle  
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2022 1:12 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Cc: Aaron Whaley ; Cameron Smith 
Subject: Re: Blake Woodrum

 

?? It is. 


Spoke with Blake (was working on this when you emailed) updated DOB & current address - Updated providers and sending RRs - Discussed 'new bruising' mentioned by adjuster - Client lost control of his legs & fell out of his truck - He went to Taylor County ER about the loss of control - Sending RR to them as well

 

 

Sarena M. Tuttle

The Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222

D: (502) 357-9971

O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104

E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com  

(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

 

 

On Thu, Oct 27, 2022 at 12:56 PM  > wrote:

Copy of the release from the file. I think it’s the $5,000 offer you are referring to, the 5k would be the 18k offer minus meds

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Sarena Tuttle  > 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2022 12:54 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com  
Cc: Aaron Whaley  >; Cameron Smith  >
Subject: Re: Blake Woodrum

 

I initially took the claim due to the workers comp aspect - Client does not want to open WC Claim as it is his neighbor - Client was initially offered $5000 when we took the claim - Adjuster is concerned about him returning to treatment and stated there is new bruising and does not feel current treatment will be related. 

I originally requested the adjuster to send a copy of his file, which we have not received. I'm unaware of an 18k offer, but knew AW had reached out to the adjuster recently. 

 

 

Sarena M. Tuttle

The Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222

D: (502) 357-9971

O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104

E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com  

(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

 

 

On Thu, Oct 27, 2022 at 12:47 PM  > wrote:

Not sure what’s going on with this one.  Can someone please fill me in so I can assist with moving it forward?

 

We don’t have the police report – Appears it is a Tennessee MVA/WC. No idea where accident happened to try to locate it

Don’t see any WC claim info – client may not have wanted to initiate WC claim

Don’t see any PIP/MedPay info

Don’t see any health insurance info

 

Hanover Insurance (BI) has previously made a $18,321.75 offer and I’m assuming it’s inclusive of client’s medical bills – See email in file mentioning client thinks his medical bills are roughly $11,300. 

 

No medical providers listed – found a note from Faye to Sarena about client treating with Crossroads Family Medicine and I added them to the medical tab.  ER visit? Any other providers?

 

Unable to send request for records we do not have client’s date of birth or social security number in Filevine. 

 

Severe damage – client was attempting to get MRI in September – provider attempted to reach our office about billing and couldn’t schedule MRI until resolved. Not sure if this got worked out and client had MRI or not. 

 

 

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 13:05:51

Called client to follow up on MRI - He has not had MRI - He is currently in Florida doing missionary work and is not being paid - Provider advised that MRI will have to be paid out of pocket - Providers are up to date - discussed 'new bruising' - Client advised that when he went to get out of his truck, he lost control of his legs and fell - He went to ER at Taylor County Hospital for loss of control of legs - He has also attended PT at Taylor Regional Hospital Physical Therapy #cc #TxStatus

## 12:54:17

__Re: Blake Woodrum__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Cameron Smith  [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 27 Oct 2022 12:53:37 -0400

I initially took the claim due to the workers comp aspect - Client does not
want to open WC Claim as it is his neighbor - Client was initially offered
$5000 when we took the claim - Adjuster is concerned about him returning to
treatment and stated there is new bruising and does not feel current
treatment will be related.
I originally requested the adjuster to send a copy of his file, which we
have not received. I'm unaware of an 18k offer, but knew AW had reached out
to the adjuster recently.


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Oct 27, 2022 at 12:47 PM  wrote:

> Not sure what’s going on with this one.  Can someone please fill me in so
> I can assist with moving it forward?
>
>
>
> We don’t have the police report – Appears it is a Tennessee MVA/WC. No
> idea where accident happened to try to locate it
>
> Don’t see any WC claim info – client may not have wanted to initiate WC
> claim
>
> Don’t see any PIP/MedPay info
>
> Don’t see any health insurance info
>
>
>
> Hanover Insurance (BI) has previously made a $18,321.75 offer and I’m
> assuming it’s inclusive of client’s medical bills – See email in file
> mentioning client thinks his medical bills are roughly $11,300.
>
>
>
> No medical providers listed – found a note from Faye to Sarena about
> client treating with Crossroads Family Medicine and I added them to the
> medical tab.  ER visit? Any other providers?
>
>
>
> Unable to send request for records we do not have client’s date of birth
> or social security number in Filevine.
>
>
>
> Severe damage – client was attempting to get MRI in September – provider
> attempted to reach our office about billing and couldn’t schedule MRI until
> resolved. Not sure if this got worked out and client had MRI or not.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>

## 12:48:10

__Blake Woodrum__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Cc: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Sarena Tuttle', [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Cameron Smith'
Date: Thu, 27 Oct 2022 12:47:58 -0400

Not sure what's going on with this one.  Can someone please fill me in so I
can assist with moving it forward?

 

We don't have the police report - Appears it is a Tennessee MVA/WC. No idea
where accident happened to try to locate it

Don't see any WC claim info - client may not have wanted to initiate WC
claim

Don't see any PIP/MedPay info

Don't see any health insurance info

 

Hanover Insurance (BI) has previously made a $18,321.75 offer and I'm
assuming it's inclusive of client's medical bills - See email in file
mentioning client thinks his medical bills are roughly $11,300. 

 

No medical providers listed - found a note from Faye to Sarena about client
treating with Crossroads Family Medicine and I added them to the medical
tab.  ER visit? Any other providers?

 

Unable to send request for records we do not have client's date of birth or
social security number in Filevine. 

 

Severe damage - client was attempting to get MRI in September - provider
attempted to reach our office about billing and couldn't schedule MRI until
resolved. Not sure if this got worked out and client had MRI or not. 

 

 

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:02:51

__Fwd: New Voice Message from HANOVER INS GRP (630) 773-4266 on 10/24/2022 11:59 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 24 Oct 2022 12:14:50 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Oct 24, 2022 at 12:00 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from HANOVER INS GRP (630) 773-4266 on
10/24/2022 11:59 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* HANOVER INS GRP (630) 773-4266
*Received:* Monday, October 24, 2022 at 11:59 AM
*Length:* 00:35
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Aaron, Brian Mason Hanover insurance group. I'm calling on a client
Blake woodrum could give me an update on where he's at with his treatment
and when we should expect a demand on this case telephone number for me is
630-760-3430 and again. My name is Brian, I'm here from Hanover insurance
group thanks."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
