---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-23"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-23

**Case:** [[cases/miranda-elaine-kerby-mva-1-27-2023/miranda-elaine-kerby-mva-1-27-2023|Miranda Elaine Kerby MVA 1/27/2023]]

## 16:22:30

Miranda, It's the Whaley Law Firm. Please send us all the information you have about your accident. Police report information, insurance information and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thanks!

## 13:19:40

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
MVA - I was a passenger on the driverside backseat- The driver was looking at her phone while continuing to speed up-A car on the right side of the road failed to stop at a stop sign and hit driver - other driver was on GPS

__Incident Date__
1/27/2023 5:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Injury Notes__
Injured foot

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Trexis Insurance Corporation

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
1/31/2023 6:25:49 AM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : lyrics61383@gmail.com
First : Miranda
Last : Elaine Kerby
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +16062619219
Summary : How:Car Accident 
When: In the last 14 days
Injuries: Whiplash or Soft Tissue Neck and Back Pain,Fractured or Broken Bones
Attorney: No, I do not have an attorney
Description: I was a passenger on the driverside backseat.. The driver was looking at her phone while continuing to speed up.. A car on the right side of the road failed to stop at a stop sign. He was looking to his passenger side towards his significant other.. In which, caused him to not stop at the stop sign.. The driver of the vehicle I was located in was going of speed and failed to look up from her phone to pay attention.. As he continued out into the lane of the main road, we yelled for her to stop and at that time she then looked up but, failed to be able to stop and we then plowed into the car, as the vehicles could not get stopped, in a proper amount of time..

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
2/23/2023 11:22:37 AM - Brandon French - Added note - Called PC 2.23.23, no answer, LVM, sent text and email.

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:1/31/2023 6:25:50 AM - From: +15026773361 - To: 6062619219 - Message:  - Hello Miranda Elaine Kerby, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:1/31/2023 6:25:50 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: lyrics61383@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Miranda,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:2/23/2023 11:22:43 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: lyrics61383@gmail.com - Message: Miranda, this is The Whaley Law Firm. How can we help! - Hello Miranda, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. My name is Brandon French and I am the Intake Coordinator for our firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502) 677-3361. If you prefer, you can always email me by REPLYING to this message..

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message-----------------
