---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-11-25"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-11-25

**Case:** [[cases/pedrea-boggs-premise-7-30-2024/pedrea-boggs-premise-7-30-2024|Pedrea Boggs Premise 7/30/2024]]

## 13:41:00

__Fwd: FW: Scanned image from MX-6071__
From: Aries Penaflor [aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:aries@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Pedrea Boggs - Filevine Project Email Address [PedreaBoggsSFZ4772453@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:PedreaBoggsSFZ4772453@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon Nov 25 2024 12:40:44 GMT-05:00

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Robert Lockman 
Date: Mon, Nov 25, 2024 at 11:38?AM
Subject: FW: Scanned image from MX-6071
To: Aries Penaflor 


Aries,

Per your request, attached is our denial letter.  Please call me if you
have any questions. In addition, if you or someone from your firm would
like to view the video contact me to arrange a date and time.

Thank You,
Bob Lockman
Risk Manager
(859) 814-2143

-----Original Message-----
From: ColorCopier@tankbus.org 
Sent: Monday, November 25, 2024 12:04 PM
To: Robert Lockman 
Subject: Scanned image from MX-6071

CAUTION: This email originated outside of the organization. Please help
keep our organization and partners safe. It's up to us; think before you
click.


Reply to: Sharp Copier  Device Name: Not Set
Device Model: MX-6071
Location: Not Set

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and other
countries.

        http://www.adobe.com/


-- 
All the best,
Aries Paul Peñaflor
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)365-5788
Fax: (502)364-9363
