---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-29

**Case:** [[cases/todd-wayne-blakeley-mva-05-16-2022/todd-wayne-blakeley-mva-05-16-2022|Todd Wayne Blakeley MVA 05/16/2022]]

## 14:05:45

__FW: New Voice Message from BLAKELEY,TODD (270) 619-5221 on 11/29/2023 12:58 PM__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Sarena Tuttle'
Date: Wed, 29 Nov 2023 13:05:39 -0500

Not sure what to tell the guy

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: RingCentral  
Sent: Wednesday, November 29, 2023 12:59 PM
To: Justin Chumbley 
Subject: New Voice Message from BLAKELEY,TODD (270) 619-5221 on 11/29/2023 12:58 PM

 



   

   


   

Voice Message 

  _____  



Dear Justin Chumbley, 

You have a new voice message:


From:

BLAKELEY,TODD (270) 619-5221


Received:

Wednesday, November 29, 2023 at 12:58 PM


Length:

01:38


To:

(502) 357-9939 * 102 Justin Chumbley

Voicemail Preview: (Partial)

"Yeah, my name is Todd Blakeley, 270-619-5221. I was just wondering how my case was going. I talked to your boss is probably 4 or 5 months back and he said you guys were going to go ahead and file it, but I have not heard anything else. I really need to know what is going on with you guys and if you are going to do anything or not, I have got a lot of medical bills and a lot of things I am going to hand on trying to figure out how to I take care of. I do not know what is going on here, but if You will remember, I had Morgan and Morgan as my primary attorney before you told me that you would come down here and measure the tread on the farm equipment if you had to to win the case and I just feel there is a far difference between how I am being treated in that I am not trying, I am just Being as you all are, I guess just think I was told your boss that. ..." 

Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your   RingCentral account with your main number, extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral account. 

 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

 

  _____  



Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app.   Get started 

 


By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to our   Terms of Use. 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
