---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-11

**Case:** [[cases/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19|Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19]]

## 14:43:57

__Re: Fw: Confirmation for 4/12/2022 (67738)__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
CC: "AGWhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com"  [AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
Date: Mon, 11 Apr 2022 14:43:12 -0400

Good afternoon Kristina,
    Our office is confirmed for tomorrow's deposition. We have sent a
request to the defense counsel to also confirm and are still awaiting a
confirmation response.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Apr 11, 2022 at 2:13 PM Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger <
schedule@kentuckianareporters.com> wrote:

> At your earliest convenience, please advise if this proceeding will be
> moving forward tomorrow at the time & location listed below.
>
> Thanks!
>
>
> Kristina Wenninger
>
> Scheduling Manager
> *Kentuckiana Court Reporters*
>
> A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202
>
> P: (502) 589-2273 <(502)-589-2273>   F: (502) 584-0119 <(502)-584-0119>
>
> E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com
>
> [image: facebook] 
>
> [image: linkedin] 
>
> ? Schedule your next deposition today!
> 
>
> Visit Our Online Remote Deposition Guide
>  |
>
> ------------------------------
> *From:* Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger
> *Sent:* Monday, April 11, 2022 10:42 AM
> *To:* Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com ;
> AGWhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com 
> *Subject:* Confirmation for 4/12/2022 (67738)
>
>
> Attached is the confirmation for tomorrow's proceeding. Please review and
> confirm if this is going forward as scheduled or advise of any necessary
> revisions. If you have an estimated duration, please provide that
> information as well.
>
> Reporter & Zoom Connection.
>
> * All parties attending remotely
>
> Topic: 67738 - Jesse Davis
> Time: Apr 12, 2022 10:00 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)
>
> Join Zoom Meeting
> https://us06web.zoom.us/j/89169655209
>
> Meeting ID: 891 6965 5209
> Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099
>
> Thank you,
> Kristina
>
>
> ________________________________________________________________________________________________________
>
> DATE: 4/12/2022
> TIME: 10:00AM
> CLIENT: Aaron Whaley, Esquire
> FIRM: The Whaley Law Firm
> CASE STYLE: Gregory Roberts v. Jesse Davis
> JUDGE/WITNESS: Jesse Davis
> LOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELY
> No set address
> Remote Location,
>
>
> Thank you for scheduling with us!
>
> The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party
> to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged,
> confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt
> from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of
> this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail
> is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for
> delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
> that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is
> strictly prohibited.
>
>
>

## 10:54:50

Recvd CR Confirmation request - Sent email to DC Stempien (included zoom link) - Awaiting Response

## 10:54:12

__Gregory Roberts v Jesse Davis - Jeff CirCrt 20-CI-005005__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 11 Apr 2022 10:53:44 -0400

Good morning Mr. Stempian,
    Our office would like to confirm the deposition of your client, Jesse
Davis is still scheduled and will proceed as planned for April 12, 2022 at
10:00am via Zoom. Please find the Zoom link below:

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/89169655209
Meeting ID: 891 6965 5209
Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 10:54:03

__Confirmation for 4/12/2022 (67738)__
From: Kristina Wenninger - Scheduling Manager  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
To:  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),   [AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 11 Apr 2022 07:42:32 -0700

Attached is the confirmation for tomorrow's proceeding. Please review and confirm if this is going forward as scheduled or advise of any necessary revisions. If you have an estimated duration, please provide that information as well. Reporter & Zoom Connection.* All parties attending remotelyTopic: 67738 - Jesse DavisTime: Apr 12, 2022 10:00 AM Eastern Time (US and Canada)Join Zoom Meetinghttps://us06web.zoom.us/j/89169655209Meeting ID: 891 6965 5209Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099Thank you, Kristina________________________________________________________________________________________________________DATE: 4/12/2022TIME: 10:00AMCLIENT: Aaron Whaley, EsquireFIRM: The Whaley Law FirmCASE STYLE: Gregory Roberts v. Jesse DavisJUDGE/WITNESS: Jesse DavisLOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELYNo set addressRemote Location, Thank you for scheduling with us!The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
