---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-12

**Case:** [[cases/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19|Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19]]

## 10:54:07

__Scheduling Cancellation for 1/6/2023 (76893)__
From: McKenna Watson - Scheduling Assistant  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
To:  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),   [AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:AGWhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 09 Dec 2022 13:23:25 -0800

The following booking has been cancelled:DATE: 1/6/2023TIME: 1:30PMCLIENT: Aaron Whaley, EsquireFIRM: The Whaley Law FirmCASE STYLE: Gregory Roberts v. Jesse Davis JUDGE/WITNESS: Dr. Gregory NazarLOCATION: ALL PARTIES TO APPEAR REMOTELY                    No set address                    Remote Location,                     We appreciate your business!The information in this e-mail is intended solely for the use of the party to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, subject to Federal Rules of Evidence 408, or otherwise exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  Recipients should not file copies of this e-mail with publicly accessible records.  If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.  I

## 10:28:17

__Re: 1/6 Deposition of Dr. Gregory Nazar | VTC Details__
From: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com"  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
Date: Fri, 9 Dec 2022 21:22:59 +0000

Thank you for letting me know! I'll remove this from our calendar & send over the cancellation confirmation shortly.


[https://img.signmyemails.net/photos/zF5QTCY1VTN8AmC6v4ekxvITmqchWAtL.png]

Kristina Wenninger

Scheduling Manager
Kentuckiana Court Reporters

A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

P: (502) 589-2273   F: (502) 584-0119

E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com

[facebook]

[linkedin]

? Schedule your next deposition today!


________________________________
From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Friday, December 9, 2022 3:16 PM
To: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger 
Cc: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ; Brian Stempien 
Subject: Re: 1/6 Deposition of Dr. Gregory Nazar | VTC Details

Good afternoon Mr. Stempien & Kristina,
    Since the subject litigation was able to be resolved, the Expert Deposition of Dr. Nazar will no longer be required. Please find our office's Notice to Cancel the Video Deposition currently scheduled for January 6th, 2023. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our office directly to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Dec 8, 2022 at 11:34 AM Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger > wrote:

Note: All remote videoconference links will be sent ONLY to the email addresses provided to us at the time of scheduling, and they will be responsible for forwarding the connection info to all other parties in the case.



Case Caption:  Gregory Roberts v. Jesse Davis

Witness Name:   Dr. Gregory Nazar



Listed below are the ZOOM details for your upcoming deposition:


Reporter & Zoom Connection.

* All parties attending remotely

* We will be recording this deposition through ZOOM

Topic: 76893 - Dr. Gregory Nazar
Time: Jan 6, 2023 01:30 PM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/86007064473

Meeting ID: 860 0706 4473
Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099



[https://img.signmyemails.net/photos/zF5QTCY1VTN8AmC6v4ekxvITmqchWAtL.png]

Kristina Wenninger

Scheduling Manager
Kentuckiana Court Reporters

A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

P: (502) 589-2273   F: (502) 584-0119

E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com

[facebook]

[linkedin]

? Schedule your next deposition today!
