---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-18

**Case:** [[cases/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022|Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022]]

## 11:15:59

__Fwd: Treatment Update__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022
Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2023 11:15:42 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Heather Paterson 
Date: Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 10:21?AM
Subject: Re: Treatment Update
To: Jessa Galosmo 


I had two different people looking at me. One was for my shoulder and the
other was the lower part of my back. I'm not receiving services for my back
anymore. But, I go tomorrow to see about my shoulder.

On Mon, Apr 17, 2023, 10:58 AM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>
> How was your treatment going? Can you also confirm which location of CHI
> Saint Joseph Health you went so we can send the medical records and billing
> request?
>
> On Tue, Apr 4, 2023 at 9:28?AM Jessa Galosmo 
> wrote:
>
>> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>>
>> Atty. Whaley will call you once he gets back.
>>
>> On Mon, Apr 3, 2023 at 5:57?PM Heather Paterson <
>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> I don't know how this goes but as far as treatment how does that work?
>>> Do I keep going? Do they continue to bill and then it's on me ? Because
>>> they are talking at least 2 months on my shoulder that doesn't even touch
>>> the bottom part of my problem. I continue to get a bill from Saint Joseph
>>> Health and that was due to this wreck as well. What do I need to do in
>>> order to talk to the attorneys office? Like the actual person handling my
>>> case ? I need some answers as to what is going on with the case ? Do they
>>> know anything about my case? Is all of this still falling on me when it
>>> wasn't my fault? Because from this point of view it looks like I'm being
>>> screwed all the way around.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Apr 3, 2023, 5:32 PM Heather Paterson <
>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> So what is going on with my case ?
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023, 4:51 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Noted. Just keep us on the loop if you're done or any update about
>>>>> your treatment. Thanks.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023 at 4:31?PM Heather Paterson <
>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Yes I am actually. I'm currently doing physical therapy.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023, 3:58 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Good day!
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> May I know if you are still getting treatment?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> All the best,
>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>
>>>>
>>
>> --
>> All the best,
>> Jessa Galosmo
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
