---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-27"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-27

**Case:** [[cases/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022|Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022]]

## 12:45:46

@jessa client had prior injections to her lumbar spine prior to accident. need to know where she had this done so we can request the priors. Need to verify which shoulder she's having issues with. Records are confusing

## 14:20:53

__Re: Treatment Update__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [heather.paterson08@gmail.com](mailto:heather.paterson08@gmail.com) Heather Paterson
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 2023 14:20:36 -0400

Hi Heather,

I hope this email finds you well.

May I know where you get your injections to your lumbar spine prior to the
accident? Also needs to know which shoulder is having issues with?

On Tue, Feb 14, 2023 at 10:47?AM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>
> Yes I will call them. May I know if you have the copy of the bill?
>
> Thanks.
>
> Regards,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
> On Tue, Feb 14, 2023 at 10:39 AM Heather Paterson <
> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Can you call billing for St Joe ? I keep getting bills for 170.77. They
>> said the number was 877-721-6504.
>>
>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023, 5:13 PM Heather Paterson <
>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>>
>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023, 3:27 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Ok, thanks.
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023 at 3:25 PM Heather Paterson <
>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Yes when I get back to my wallet
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023, 3:24 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Ms. Paterson, do you have health insurance? Can you send me a copy of
>>>>>> your insurance card front and back?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023 at 2:27 PM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> So I was told this needs to go to my attorney. This is the bill to
>>>>>>> the first place I went to physical therapy. They told me the claim was
>>>>>>> locked and it wouldn't pay for this.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023, 8:48 AM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Great, thanks for the update. Let us know once you're done with the
>>>>>>>> treatment so we can start sending requests for medical and billing records.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Have a great day!
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023 at 8:39 AM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> I went Monday and got x-ray's and Monday I go for MRI's and will
>>>>>>>>> go from there.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 9, 2023, 8:38 AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> This is Jessa from Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check how your
>>>>>>>>>> treatment is going? Do you have any case-related questions? Feel free to
>>>>>>>>>> contact me anytime.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Thanks. Have a nice day!
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Jan 31, 2023 at 2:19 PM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Great, thanks for the update.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Jan 31, 2023 at 2:18 PM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> They called and I am calling after work today
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Jan 31, 2023, 2:17 PM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms. Patterson,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> I already spoke with Aptiva yesterday to have you scheduled.
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Have they already reached out to you for your appointment?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 4:42 PM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> You're welcome!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 4:41 PM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Sounds good, thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023, 4:40 PM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ok, thanks for the update. As soon as they call I will give
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> you an update.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 4:34 PM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> I called Aptiva and they are going to reach out to you
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> before we set up an appointment since it's been over 90 days.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023, 11:25 AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Great, thanks for the update. Have a nice day!
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 11:19 AM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> So I got it straightened out with my insurance company
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> and sent the bill to them. I hadn't went back due to the fact I don't have
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> the money to pay out of pocket. Now I need to schedule an appointment with
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Aptiva and I will let you know how it goes.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023, 11:12 AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Yes, it is. Don't  worry you can send me the update on
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> your treatment in your most convenient time.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 11:10 AM Heather Paterson <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Is this the person I just talked to?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023, 11:09 AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Ms Paterson,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> This is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. I wanted to
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> take this opportunity to see how your medical treatment is progressing and
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> to see if you have any case-related questions. I periodically check with
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> our clients - so feel free to call or email me. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 13:12:01

New Lien added

## 13:10:53

__RE: Paterson RE: 049347233 Claim#:049347233-05__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Kimberly.Berlin@libertymutual.com](mailto:Kimberly.Berlin@libertymutual.com) 'Berlin, Kimberly'
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 2023 13:10:38 -0400

Here is the remainder of what we have received to date

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Berlin, Kimberly  
Sent: Friday, October 27, 2023 1:06 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Paterson RE: 049347233 Claim#:049347233-05

 


 
 

 
 

 


 

 


Hi Justin, 

Thank you for resending the bills. Upon review there appears to be only 2
billing statements included here $6800 and $3390. As discussed you found the
bills be closer to $20k. Please send all bills. 

 

Attached is a copy of the child support lien. 

 

The submitted records reflect initial treatment in May of 2022 just after
the accident. The next follow up visit was over 6 months later in December. 

Please clarify which shoulder was injured In this loss as there appears to
have been an MRI of the left but some treatment to the right? 

 

In order to better understand her prior v post mva condition, please submit
any and all of her medical records from Jan 1, 2020 to the present time. 

 

 

 

Sincerely,

Kim Berlin

 

 


 

 


 
 

 


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 049347233},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM}]

	 


Policy underwritten by Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company

C 2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA
02116

 

 

 

 

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
 > 
Sent: Friday, October 27, 2023 11:47 AM
To: Berlin, Kimberly  >
Subject: {EXTERNAL} 049347233

 

I've attached the Aptiva records/billing

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:47:41

__049347233__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Kimberly.Berlin@libertymutual.com](mailto:Kimberly.Berlin@libertymutual.com)
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 2023 12:47:19 -0400

I've attached the Aptiva records/billing

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:44:02

__New Insurance Note:__ 10/27 Spoke with adjuster. client has child support lien. they will send us a copy
__Insurance Type:__ Uninsured Motorist (UM)
__Insurance Company:__ Liberty Mutual Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #Inotes
