---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-07

**Case:** [[cases/ricardo-mccathern-mva-1-2-2021/ricardo-mccathern-mva-1-2-2021|Ricardo McCathern MVA 1/2/2021]]

## 13:25:17

__RE: Claim#:044428635-05 Ricardo Mcathern__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Karie.Verboomen@libertymutual.com](mailto:Karie.Verboomen@libertymutual.com) 'Verboomen, Karie'
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2022 13:25:00 -0400

Karie,

 

We can lower our counter demand to $14,500. 

 

We are in the process of addressing the child support lien and will handle
once a settlement amount is agreed upon.

 

I look forward to hearing from you. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)357-9939

 

From: Verboomen, Karie  
Sent: Tuesday, May 31, 2022 5:22 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim#:044428635-05 Ricardo Mcathern

 


 
 

 
 

		

 

	

Hello Justin,

 

I attempted to reach you by phone, however the office is closed. 

 

I am CST and will reach back out in the morning after 9:30 EST.   

 

Liability was reviewed on this when I was reassigned as the new adjuster. 

Even if I move my liability to 100%, I respectfully advise I am not close to
your last request for $15,500.00.  

 

Were you able to get the child support lien handled/do you have a counter
demand? 

 

Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you. 

 

Sincerely,

Karie Verboomen

 

 

  _____  



 
 

Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. 




 
 


 
 


 
 



View claim
status 


Check payment
information 


View your Claims
Representative's
information 


 
 Login  ?

	

 

	
		


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 044428635},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM_SF}]

		


Policy Underwritten by Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois

(c)2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco Insurance
Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50 states and
the District of Columbia.

	

 

 

Karie Verboomen
Claims Resolution Specialist

Casualty Claims

Liberty Mutual Insurance 

P.O. Box 5014

Scranton, PA  18505-5014

Direct Phone: 317-805-2527

Fax: 888-268-8840

Business Hours: Monday to Friday 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM CST

 

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
encourage you to send all correspondence by email.

 

To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to
www.libertymutual.com/privacy
