---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-06

**Case:** [[cases/harold-black-mva-06-24-2022/harold-black-mva-06-24-2022|Harold Black MVA 06/24/2022]]

## 12:40:44

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2023 12:29:13 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 13:32:21

__RE: PROGRESSIVE CLAIM# 22-2700421 -- Harold Black and Rebecca Lanier__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [SCOTT_VANNATTA@progressive.com](mailto:SCOTT_VANNATTA@progressive.com) 'Scott Vannatta'
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2023 13:32:15 -0400

Scott,

 

Any update on the limits tender on this?

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Scott Vannatta  
Sent: Wednesday, June 21, 2023 11:23 AM
To: JUSTIN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM
Subject: PROGRESSIVE CLAIM# 22-2700421 -- Harold Black and Rebecca Lanier

 

Justin,

 

I am following up to check on the status of the bodily injury claim for
Harold Black and Rebecca Lanier. Are they still actively treating for their
injuries at this time?  

 

Do you have an estimation on the total billing amounts to date? 

 

Thanks, 

 

Scott Vannatta

Claims Representative

9520 Ormsby Station Rd-- Suite 200

Louisville, KY 40223

P: 502-909-3664

F: 833-905-1745

Email: scott_vannatta@progressive.com
 

My Hours of Availability: M-F 8:30AM-5:00PM EST



The contents of this e-mail and any attachments are confidential and may be
legally privileged, intended solely for the addressee.  If you are not the
intended recipient, be advised that any use, dissemination, distribution,
storage (including electronic) or copying of this e-mail is strictly
prohibited.  If you receive this e-mail in error, please notify the sender
immediately by reply e-mail and destroy the message and its attachments.
