---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-18

**Case:** [[cases/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020|Cathy Emonz PI 10/27/2020]]

## 13:53:51

Recvd Client VM - Checking Status - Returned her call - LVM - Advised Motion hour was held yesterday to get a Trial Date set - Awaiting update from Assoc Franklin or Order from Court #cc

## 13:52:21

__New Voice Message from EMONZ KITTY     (502) 435-8511 on 10/18/2022 12:43 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 18 Oct 2022 16:44:04 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* EMONZ KITTY (502) 435-8511 
*Received:* Tuesday, October 18, 2022 at 12:43 PM 
*Length:* 00:53 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Cathy Emmons. I have not heard from you all since I'm 
thinking maybe March and I know that these cases take a long time. I was 
just calling to see if there had been any kind of update on my case again, 
my name is Cathy with the C M and M O N G and my phone number is 
502-435-8511 and just just wanting to get just a an update on if anything 
has happened. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. If I don't answer the 
phone you can leave a voicemail. Thank you. Bye bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
