---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-24

**Case:** [[cases/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020|Cathy Emonz PI 10/27/2020]]

## 14:07:22

@aaronw Disclosures almost finished - Pre-Trial Mediation Ordered - Would you like to start getting this scheduled?

## 14:06:39

Recvd VM from FG - Requesting to Call Client - She was recently married & wants to provide updated contact info - Called Client new last name is Gibson & updated address to 6930 Ambridge Circle, 40207 - Provided case update - In Disclosure Phase - Pre-Trial Mediation Ordered & will be scheduled soon - She expressed understanding & appreciated the update #cc

## 14:06:29

__Fwd: New Voice Message from EMONZ KITTY (502) 435-8511 on 03/24/2023 12:35 PM__
From: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 24 Mar 2023 13:07:59 -0400

Want to give Cathy Emonz - a case update. Thanks


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Mar 24, 2023 at 12:36?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from EMONZ KITTY (502) 435-8511 on 03/24/2023
12:35 PM
To: Faye Gaither 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Faye Gaither,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* EMONZ KITTY (502) 435-8511
*Received:* Friday, March 24, 2023 at 12:35 PM
*Length:* 00:54
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 103 Faye Gaither

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Shay, this is Cathy and then E M O N G I have a case with Aaron and I
was just calling to check in I have not heard anything I've called a couple
of times and have not gotten gotten any phone calls back. So I was just
calling to just see if there's been any updates on my case. If you could
please call me back my phone number is 502-435-8511 again, my name is Cathy
with the C N N E M I N G and also I needed to give you my new I got
married. So I need to give you my new last name and my new address. So
thank you bye."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.
