---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-02

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022|Kenneth Michael Martin III MVA 02/24/2022]]

## 12:08:28

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-08-02 16:06:30.207000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5188846365 

Caller ID: Main:518-884-6365, Main:518-884-6365 

Caller Name: Molly McAndrews 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2308152

## 12:01:33

__Re: Kenneth Martin III__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [wagersdebbie07@gmail.com](mailto:wagersdebbie07@gmail.com) Debbie Wagers
Cc: [KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 2 Aug 2022 12:01:16 -0400

There is $10,000 available for medical bills in addition to the $25,000. I
am attempting to get that paid to you as well

On Sat, Jul 30, 2022 at 2:13 PM Debbie Wagers 
wrote:

> I have been told there iS some kind of prep fee that I should get...before
> the 25000 is that true...like 10,000...I'm not sure I understand.
>
> On Tue, Jul 26, 2022, 12:49 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> I will talk to the adjuster and see if she can just send you the funds or
>> if she will require probate. Make sure the local attorney understands this
>> is just Probate and not the wreck. I don't want anyone to try and take a
>> fee on the settlement. I have confirmed that there is no other insurance
>> coverage so nothing for them to do. I'll let you know once I find out.
>>
>> On Tue, Jul 26, 2022 at 12:30 PM Debbie Wagers 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I don't want this to drag on .it's killing me. I knew Kendra would not
>>> help...she killed my son long before he was hit..so what do I do...I've
>>> contacted my local lawyer.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jul 25, 2022, 1:41 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Debbie, I spoke to Kendra and I do not think she will provide the
>>>> insurance information. That said the only recovery I see is the $25,000
>>>> from the drivers insurance company. You could certainly refuse that and
>>>> file a suit against them and in all likelihood recover more money than the
>>>> $25,000. In my opinion that would be the proverbial blood from a turnip.
>>>> You would have a judgment that you would not likely collect on and receive
>>>> the same $25,000 they are offering. I don't currently have anything in this
>>>> case except some time.  I would waive any fee I might be entitled to and
>>>> just give you the adjusters information and you can collect the $25,000.
>>>> The adjuster may require an estate to be opened. If so, I would get a local
>>>> attorney to do so.  Let me know what you think.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Jul 22, 2022 at 11:02 PM Debbie Wagers <
>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Kendra Martin his ex
>>>>> .had bought a vehicle in  late February about a week before Kenneth's
>>>>> death. She said she only paid the premium for Feb and March ..said she
>>>>> would call me back..so far...nothing...she's hard to deal with ...good luck
>>>>> .606-389-6665 you can try but I don't expect her to help ..she's always
>>>>> given us problems. I told her this was to help with med bills....good luck
>>>>> keep me posted
>>>>> deb
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jul 21, 2022, 11:53 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Do you have Kendra's contact information and I can see if I can find
>>>>>> out?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue, Jul 19, 2022 at 7:05 PM Debbie Wagers <
>>>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I've tried to contact his ex-wife ..with no response...I did not
>>>>>>> have insurance month of accident
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022, 12:54 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> No one is blaming anyone. Can you give me your car insurance
>>>>>>>> information? Will you see if Kendra will provide that information as well.
>>>>>>>> Car insurance frequently have Underinsured Motorist Coverage. This is
>>>>>>>> coverage that can be used to pay Kenneth's Estate. The coverage usually
>>>>>>>> extends to residents of the same household. If you give me the insurance
>>>>>>>> company names and policy numbers I can check on that.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 12:08 AM Debbie Wagers <
>>>>>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> So police are blaming my son...right
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:27 PM Debbie Wagers <
>>>>>>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> His ex wife Kendra had a vehicle and she lived here also.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:24 PM Debbie Wagers <
>>>>>>>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Kenneth and his ex wife had been living with me about 6 months
>>>>>>>>>>> at time of accident. He did not have a car in his name.  Do his medical
>>>>>>>>>>> bills come out of that as well
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 2:59 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Debbie, this is Aaron Whaley. My office has been helping you on
>>>>>>>>>>>> your son's case.  I want to offer my sincerest condolences. I can't imagine
>>>>>>>>>>>> losing a child. I have a son and a daughter and could not handle their
>>>>>>>>>>>> loss. I know you have been in contact with Faye in my office.  The
>>>>>>>>>>>> insurance company for the other drivers has offered their policy limit.
>>>>>>>>>>>> That is not very much considering what happened. $25,000. I want you to
>>>>>>>>>>>> know I am not taking a fee on that. Whenever it comes in it will go to
>>>>>>>>>>>> Kenneth's estate. Before you can even consider accepting this I need to
>>>>>>>>>>>> know a few things.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Did Kenneth own a car?
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Did Kenneth live in your residence?
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> If not, did anyone else live with Kenneth?
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Let me know when you have a chance. Thank you
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:01:17

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-08-02 15:57:20.619000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 7403645886 

Caller ID: 740-364-5886 

Caller Name: Kelly Smith 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/5766004
