---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-21

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022|Kenneth Michael Martin III MVA 02/24/2022]]

## 11:55:04

__Fwd: Kenneth Martin III__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 11:54:47 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Aaron Whaley 
Date: Thu, Jul 21, 2022 at 11:53 AM
Subject: Re: Kenneth Martin III
To: Debbie Wagers 


Do you have Kendra's contact information and I can see if I can find out?

On Tue, Jul 19, 2022 at 7:05 PM Debbie Wagers 
wrote:

> I've tried to contact his ex-wife ..with no response...I did not have
> insurance month of accident
>
> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022, 12:54 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> No one is blaming anyone. Can you give me your car insurance information?
>> Will you see if Kendra will provide that information as well.  Car
>> insurance frequently have Underinsured Motorist Coverage. This is coverage
>> that can be used to pay Kenneth's Estate. The coverage usually extends to
>> residents of the same household. If you give me the insurance company names
>> and policy numbers I can check on that.
>>
>> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 12:08 AM Debbie Wagers 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> So police are blaming my son...right
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:27 PM Debbie Wagers 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> His ex wife Kendra had a vehicle and she lived here also.
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:24 PM Debbie Wagers 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Kenneth and his ex wife had been living with me about 6 months at time
>>>>> of accident. He did not have a car in his name.  Do his medical bills come
>>>>> out of that as well
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 2:59 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Debbie, this is Aaron Whaley. My office has been helping you on your
>>>>>> son's case.  I want to offer my sincerest condolences. I can't imagine
>>>>>> losing a child. I have a son and a daughter and could not handle their
>>>>>> loss. I know you have been in contact with Faye in my office.  The
>>>>>> insurance company for the other drivers has offered their policy limit.
>>>>>> That is not very much considering what happened. $25,000. I want you to
>>>>>> know I am not taking a fee on that. Whenever it comes in it will go to
>>>>>> Kenneth's estate. Before you can even consider accepting this I need to
>>>>>> know a few things.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Did Kenneth own a car?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Did Kenneth live in your residence?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> If not, did anyone else live with Kenneth?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Let me know when you have a chance. Thank you
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022



-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
