---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-25

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022|Kenneth Michael Martin III MVA 02/24/2022]]

## 13:41:19

__Re: Kenneth Martin III__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [wagersdebbie07@gmail.com](mailto:wagersdebbie07@gmail.com) Debbie Wagers
Cc: [KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 25 Jul 2022 13:41:05 -0400

Debbie, I spoke to Kendra and I do not think she will provide the insurance
information. That said the only recovery I see is the $25,000 from the
drivers insurance company. You could certainly refuse that and file a suit
against them and in all likelihood recover more money than the $25,000. In
my opinion that would be the proverbial blood from a turnip. You would have
a judgment that you would not likely collect on and receive the same
$25,000 they are offering. I don't currently have anything in this case
except some time.  I would waive any fee I might be entitled to and just
give you the adjusters information and you can collect the $25,000. The
adjuster may require an estate to be opened. If so, I would get a local
attorney to do so.  Let me know what you think.


On Fri, Jul 22, 2022 at 11:02 PM Debbie Wagers 
wrote:

> Kendra Martin his ex
> .had bought a vehicle in  late February about a week before Kenneth's
> death. She said she only paid the premium for Feb and March ..said she
> would call me back..so far...nothing...she's hard to deal with ...good luck
> .606-389-6665 you can try but I don't expect her to help ..she's always
> given us problems. I told her this was to help with med bills....good luck
> keep me posted
> deb
>
>
>
>
>
> On Thu, Jul 21, 2022, 11:53 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Do you have Kendra's contact information and I can see if I can find out?
>>
>> On Tue, Jul 19, 2022 at 7:05 PM Debbie Wagers 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I've tried to contact his ex-wife ..with no response...I did not have
>>> insurance month of accident
>>>
>>> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022, 12:54 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> No one is blaming anyone. Can you give me your car insurance
>>>> information? Will you see if Kendra will provide that information as well.
>>>> Car insurance frequently have Underinsured Motorist Coverage. This is
>>>> coverage that can be used to pay Kenneth's Estate. The coverage usually
>>>> extends to residents of the same household. If you give me the insurance
>>>> company names and policy numbers I can check on that.
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 12:08 AM Debbie Wagers <
>>>> wagersdebbie07@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> So police are blaming my son...right
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:27 PM Debbie Wagers 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> His ex wife Kendra had a vehicle and she lived here also.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:24 PM Debbie Wagers 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Kenneth and his ex wife had been living with me about 6 months at
>>>>>>> time of accident. He did not have a car in his name.  Do his medical bills
>>>>>>> come out of that as well
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 2:59 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Debbie, this is Aaron Whaley. My office has been helping you on
>>>>>>>> your son's case.  I want to offer my sincerest condolences. I can't imagine
>>>>>>>> losing a child. I have a son and a daughter and could not handle their
>>>>>>>> loss. I know you have been in contact with Faye in my office.  The
>>>>>>>> insurance company for the other drivers has offered their policy limit.
>>>>>>>> That is not very much considering what happened. $25,000. I want you to
>>>>>>>> know I am not taking a fee on that. Whenever it comes in it will go to
>>>>>>>> Kenneth's estate. Before you can even consider accepting this I need to
>>>>>>>> know a few things.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Did Kenneth own a car?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Did Kenneth live in your residence?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> If not, did anyone else live with Kenneth?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Let me know when you have a chance. Thank you
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
