---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-27

**Case:** [[cases/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022|Ricky Akers MVA 05/23/2022]]

## 11:29:15

__Re: FW: Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [rickyakersz1734859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:rickyakersz1734859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Ricky Akers
Date: Wed, 27 Sep 2023 11:26:33 -0400

See what client wants to do.  This is against the defendant we would have
gotten a settlement from had we not filed suit. I am not inclined to keep
litigating against the driver of the car he was in. Also, if we do keep
litigating against the car he was in we need to amend the complaint or
substitute the defendant. We sued the owner of the car, not the driver. The
driver is Rhonda Roden.

On Wed, Sep 27, 2023 at 10:54?AM Bryce Koon  wrote:

> *From: *T. Scott Sennett 
> *Sent: *Wednesday, September 27, 2023 10:53 AM
> *To: *Bryce Koon 
> *Subject: *Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup
> Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)
>
>
>
> Dear Mr. Koon:
>
>
>
>             Please see the attached letter in response to your client?s
> settlement demand in the referenced case, and let me know how you want to
> proceed.
>
>
>
> Scott Sennett
>
> [image: Campbell Woods, PLLC]
>
> P.O. Box 1862
>
> 1640 Carter Avenue
> Ashland, KY 41105-1862
>
> Telephone: 606-329-1974
> Fax:  606-324-2025
>
> *www.campbellwoods.com *
>
> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission may contain
> information that is subject to the Attorney-Client Communications Privilege
> and/or the Attorney Work Product Privilege. This message is only for the
> use of the named individual(s) to whom it is directed. This message is not
> to be transmitted to or received by anyone other than the named addressee
> [or a person authorized to deliver it to the named addressee]. This e-mail
> message is not to be copied or forwarded to any unauthorized person. If you
> have received this electronic mail transmission in error, you should not
> read, copy, download or forward the message or any attachments, but please
> notify the sender of the error by replying via e-mail, or by collect
> telephone call to Campbell Woods, PLLC, at 606-329-1974, and delete the
> message from your system immediately.*
>
>
>
> *From:* Bryce Koon 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, September 26, 2023 10:29 AM
> *To:* T. Scott Sennett 
> *Subject:* Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup
> Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)
>
>
>
> I had something weird happen on my end and wanted to send again to be sure
> it went through. If you have any troubles, please let me know.
>
>
>
> *From: *Bryce Koon 
> *Sent: *Tuesday, September 26, 2023 10:26 AM
> *To: *ssennett@campbellwoods.com
> *Cc: *Aaron Whaley 
> *Subject: *
>
>
>
> Good morning counsel,
>
>
>
> Please see the attached demand for your review. Below is a Dropbox link
> for documents related to this demand. Thank you for your consideration in
> this regard and I hope to hear from you soon.
>
>
>
>
>
> https://www.dropbox.com/sh/t3ueywxg7mqqjcj/AAAzlJOuoaIFoQRCCZHsKETXa?dl=0
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> W. Bryce Koon, Esq.
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
> Phone: (502) 365-5043
> Fax: (502) 237-3207
>
>
>
>
> *This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may
> contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If
> you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are
> instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no
> waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that
> you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any
> third person not intended to receive it.*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:55:04

__FW: Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Wed, 27 Sep 2023 10:54:55 -0400

From: T. Scott SennettSent: Wednesday, September 27, 2023 10:53 AMTo: Bryce KoonSubject: Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)

 

Dear Mr. Koon:

 

            Please see the attached letter in response to your client?s settlement demand in the referenced case, and let me know how you want to proceed. 

 

Scott Sennett



P.O. Box 1862

1640 Carter AvenueAshland, KY 41105-1862

Telephone: 606-329-1974Fax:  606-324-2025

www.campbellwoods.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission may contain information that is subject to the Attorney-Client Communications Privilege and/or the Attorney Work Product Privilege. This message is only for the use of the named individual(s) to whom it is directed. This message is not to be transmitted to or received by anyone other than the named addressee [or a person authorized to deliver it to the named addressee]. This e-mail message is not to be copied or forwarded to any unauthorized person. If you have received this electronic mail transmission in error, you should not read, copy, download or forward the message or any attachments, but please notify the sender of the error by replying via e-mail, or by collect telephone call to Campbell Woods, PLLC, at 606-329-1974, and delete the message from your system immediately.

 

From: Bryce Koon  Sent: Tuesday, September 26, 2023 10:29 AMTo: T. Scott Sennett Subject: Ricky Akers v. Bruce Lauderdale and Bruce Blum (Greenup Circuit Court Case No.: 23-CI-00254)

 

I had something weird happen on my end and wanted to send again to be sure it went through. If you have any troubles, please let me know. 

 

From: Bryce KoonSent: Tuesday, September 26, 2023 10:26 AMTo: ssennett@campbellwoods.comCc: Aaron WhaleySubject: 

 

Good morning counsel, 

 

Please see the attached demand for your review. Below is a Dropbox link for documents related to this demand. Thank you for your consideration in this regard and I hope to hear from you soon. 

 

 

https://www.dropbox.com/sh/t3ueywxg7mqqjcj/AAAzlJOuoaIFoQRCCZHsKETXa?dl=0

 

 

 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 



This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it.

## 10:29:18

__FW: Ricky Akers__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [RickyAkersZ1734859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:RickyAkersZ1734859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 27 Sep 2023 10:29:12 -0400

From: T. Scott SennettSent: Tuesday, September 26, 2023 11:18 AMTo: Bryce KoonCc: Aaron WhaleySubject: Ricky Akers

 

Thank you, Bryce. I will pass that along to my adjuster 

 

Scott Sennett



P.O. Box 1862

1640 Carter AvenueAshland, KY 41105-1862

Telephone: 606-329-1974Fax:  606-324-2025

www.campbellwoods.com

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission may contain information that is subject to the Attorney-Client Communications Privilege and/or the Attorney Work Product Privilege. This message is only for the use of the named individual(s) to whom it is directed. This message is not to be transmitted to or received by anyone other than the named addressee [or a person authorized to deliver it to the named addressee]. This e-mail message is not to be copied or forwarded to any unauthorized person. If you have received this electronic mail transmission in error, you should not read, copy, download or forward the message or any attachments, but please notify the sender of the error by replying via e-mail, or by collect telephone call to Campbell Woods, PLLC, at 606-329-1974, and delete the message from your system immediately.

 

From: Bryce Koon  Sent: Tuesday, September 26, 2023 10:26 AMTo: T. Scott Sennett Cc: Aaron Whaley Subject: 

 

Good morning counsel, 

 

Please see the attached demand for your review. Below is a Dropbox link for documents related to this demand. Thank you for your consideration in this regard and I hope to hear from you soon. 

 

 

https://www.dropbox.com/sh/t3ueywxg7mqqjcj/AAAzlJOuoaIFoQRCCZHsKETXa?dl=0

 

 

 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 



This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it.
