---
case_slug: cecelia-neltner
created_at: 2026-02-16 22:19:00.724000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2025-02-12
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2023-04-01-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Cecelia-Neltner-MVA-4-1-2023/Correspondence/nefforefilerboone24-ci-00452neltnergregetalvs.eml
source_hash: sha256:274ff1b5bfe2957c43c4f5e3457e6acff079f941808898a011e799d7b0f1a481
---

**Case:** [[cases/cecelia-neltner/cecelia-neltner|Cecelia Neltner]]
**Client:** [[cases/cecelia-neltner/contacts/cecelia-neltner|Cecelia Neltner]]

Subject: NEF, (for eFiler) BOONE 24-CI-00452, NELTNER, GREG ET AL VS. COHARA, TRINITY Envelope # 9880595
From: [EMAIL-6]
To: [EMAIL-5], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-4]
Date: 2025-02-12T14:48:54-05:00
Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: February 12, 2025 at 2:47PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: BOONE (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: NELTNER, GREG ET AL VS. COHARA, TRINITY

Case Number: 24-CI-00452

Envelope Number: 9880595

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Leckrone, Joshua J. - [EMAIL-5]
Nelson, Kathleen - [EMAIL-6]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
NOTICE TO TAKE DEPOSITION: AMENDED NTTD - DEF COHARA - 03.21.25 2P DC OFFICE

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=9880595

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=1F1A60D8-E2B6-4BC6-BB3F-9639F7B53B31

You may file subsequent case matters at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=9880595

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
