---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-03

**Case:** [[cases/troy-shelton-mva-11-22-2022/troy-shelton-mva-11-22-2022|Troy Shelton MVA 11/22/2022]]

## 14:10:44

__FW: Allstate Claim:0693229833 - Troy Shelton__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Fri, 3 Feb 2023 13:10:38 -0500

Not good

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Allstate Insurance  
Sent: Friday, February 3, 2023 1:08 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Allstate Claim:0693229833 - Troy Shelton

 

   


 




Claim 0693229833

 





  


http://l.service01.email-allstate.com/rts/open.aspx?tp=i-16D9-A2-boz-2r2DrV-1z-8dicB-1c-l8YGDcEVI2-2JYacN>alf of its insured, Jimmy Dockins, will pay to you and your client, Troy Shelton the sole sum of $1,000.00 in exchange for a full and final release of all claims arising out of the automobile accident of 11/22/2022.

 

This offer is exclusive of PIP, however it is inclusive of any and all other claims including any third party derivative claims including but not limited to liens, subrogation claims, rights of reimbursement or any other interest held by health care providers, health insurance carriers, workers compensation carriers, Medicare, Medicaid or ERISA backed policy arising out of medical expenses incurred by, or medical services rendered to, your client as a result of the above referenced accident. 

 

As a condition of settlement, the claimant will be required to execute a full release of all claims which will include an indemnity and hold harmless agreement regarding any and all of potential derivative claims mentioned above.

 

Please review and follow up when you are able.

 

Thanks,

 

ALEX MILLER
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (303) 779-3240
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR40c9f446f6b64a *** 








Did you find this email useful?



  

  


  


  MyClaim   |     Tools & Resources   |     Allstate.com

	

This email was sent to you at justin@whaleylawfirm.com  


© 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.   Privacy Statement   |     Contact Us


Allstate Insurance Company, PO Box 661039, Dallas, TX 75266 


P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T


EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
