---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-11

**Case:** [[cases/patricia-harrison-mva-10-2-21/patricia-harrison-mva-10-2-21|Patricia Harrison MVA 10/2/21]]

## 16:56:49

Claim has been Approved for Filing - Activate Approved for Filing TaskFlow

## 16:52:51

Sent ORR to LMPD - Request 22-1398

## 14:37:23

Client stopped in today for F2F w/ myself & AW - Client explained incident in a bit more detail - Provided additional information - Client stated that Defendant was just sitting in the lane, the car before the Defendant had already completed a left turn as she was approaching, Defendant did not have on a blinker and had not put her vehicle into motion until after Client was passing her on the left. Client states she was passing in a passing lane and did not go 'off road' to pass - Def had dog in the vehicle (restrained or unrestrained) - There are possibly 2 other witnesses - Elderly ladies were present - Client has PD Estimates of $2200.07 & $3713.04 - Photos in file - PCP is Dr. Amin on Dixie used to go to 7th street - Only treated with Jewish, Anointed Hands & PCP - Companion was seen at UL MSW Medical Center at 9700 Stonestreet - Client is awaiting new Health Insurance Cards - Client admits to prior accidents - Believes it has been more than 10 years but Companion has a prior within last 1-2 years while with her father - Client has been represented by Nutt Law in the past - Client is not claiming Lost Wages

## 14:23:18

Companion: Sa'Nyah Harrison - Passenger, Daughter, Minor
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/954758/activity

## 11:28:18

__Re: **Urgent** - Patricia Harrison__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 11 Feb 2022 10:10:41 -0500

Sounds good.

On Fri, Feb 11, 2022 at 10:09 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Hey AW,
>    I called Patricia Harrison about getting a better copy of the civilian
> report & also saw that JB noted the file as needing health insurance cards.
>     She is extremely unhappy with the way her claim has been handled. She
> stated she has been in 3-4 prior accidents and has never had to deal with
> the things she has had to deal with from our firm.
>      She will be in after 12pm for a face to face meeting to discuss
> everything and bring in the requested documents. She would like for you to
> be present if possible.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:10:48

Sent email to AW requesting his presence this afternoon for meeting w/Client

## 11:10:24

__**Urgent** - Patricia Harrison__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 11 Feb 2022 10:09:13 -0500

Hey AW,
   I called Patricia Harrison about getting a better copy of the civilian
report & also saw that JB noted the file as needing health insurance cards.
    She is extremely unhappy with the way her claim has been handled. She
stated she has been in 3-4 prior accidents and has never had to deal with
the things she has had to deal with from our firm.
     She will be in after 12pm for a face to face meeting to discuss
everything and bring in the requested documents. She would like for you to
be present if possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 11:02:43

Called Client to see about getting better copy of Civilian Report - She is extremely upset with how the case has been handled to date and wants a face-to-face meeting today - She will be in after 12pm - Advised would reach out to AW to see if he can be present - She is happy to hear this - She will bring Civilian Report & health ins cards

## 10:58:32

712 Lyndon Lane, Louisville, KY 40222
