---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-08

**Case:** [[cases/james-g-bowles-mva-03-03-2023/james-g-bowles-mva-03-03-2023|James G. Bowles MVA 03/03/2023]]

## 15:29:58

Recvd KAC Adj VM - Needs PIP Denial on a 2020 Nissan Rogue - Client mentioned in KAC RS - Called State Farm PIP to Request - S/W Jillian - Stated she does not show a Nissan Rogue Policy by name or address - Needs Policy Number to Look up - Requested she send Statement that she can not locate a Nissan Rogue Police - She sent an email asking for a policy number (smh) - Replied - Advised We do not have a policy number and that we need a formal statement that she is unable to locate a policy - Awaiting Reply #PIP #KAC

## 15:27:34

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.08 Recvd Adj VM - Needs PIP Denial on 2020 Nissan Rogue - Called State Farm to Obtain - See PIP Notes
__Insurance Type:__ Kentucky Assigned Claims (KAC)
__Insurance Company:__ Kentucky Farm Bureau
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 15:25:43

__Re: 17-51N9-78J    James Bowles__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 8 Mar 2024 14:20:41 -0500

We do not have a policy number.
We simply need a formal statement stating that you do not have a policy for
a 2020 Nissan Rogue at the address of Mr. Bowles, 111 W. Dogwood Court, Mt.
Washington, KY 40047 on March 3, 2023.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Mar 8, 2024 at 2:16?PM HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS <
statefarmclaims@statefarm.com> wrote:

> Please provide me with the policy number for the Nissan in question. I
> will need the policy number to look it up.
>
>
>
>
>

## 15:24:42

__17-51N9-78J    James Bowles__
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 8 Mar 2024 19:15:47 +0000

Please provide me with the policy number for the Nissan in question. I will need the policy number to look it up.

## 15:24:03

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.08 PIP Adj sent email requesting Policy Number instead of Send No Coverage Notice - Advised We do not have a policy number - Need statement showing there is not a Nissan Rogue listed
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 15:17:07

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.08 Called PIP Adj - Requested No Coverage of 2020 Nissan Roque per KAC Adj
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 15:03:14

__New Voice Message from KY FARM BUREAU (859) 525-6170 on 03/08/2024 1:45 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 8 Mar 2024 18:45:25 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY FARM BUREAU (859) 525-6170 
*Received:* Friday, March 08, 2024 at 1:45 PM 
*Length:* 00:53 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, this is Angela Tanner at Kentucky Farm Bureau Insurance calling out 
regarding James Bowl's claim. And since this is a Kentucky assigned 
benefits claim, we do need a denial letter from State Farm specifically for 
the 2020 Nissan Rogue if they could do that or if they are going to provide 
coverage, which I doubt, but if they Could send us a denial? Since there is 
a resident relative that is making a claim for a Kentucky assigned 
benefits, we do need that denial. Also, if you have any questions, my 
number is 85952 56170. My claim number is 04946985. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
