---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-26"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-26

**Case:** [[cases/erica-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023/erica-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023|Erica Sitgraves MVA 7/9/2023]]

## 09:47:20

__Whaley Law Firm - Checking to see if a claim has been opened__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [support@turo.com](mailto:support@turo.com)
Date: Wed, 26 Jul 2023 09:42:34 -0400

Hi,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I'm reaching out in regards to our
clients, Abby Sitgraves, Erica Sitgraves and Zieland Anderson, date of loss
is 7/9/2023. If you can help me to locate the trip that the accident
occurred on and see if a claim has been opened up with Travelers, or if you
can start a claim. Here are the information:

Turo Guest  names:

Abby Sitgraves ? Driver

Erica SItgraves

Zieland Anderson

Turo Guest Email address:

Abbysitgraves01@gmail.com

e.sitgraves@gmail.com

Turo Guest Phone number:

502-210-1388 - Abby

502-612-0697 - Erica

Owner of the Vehicle:

Claudette Bull

Vehicle make/model/year:

AUDI / Q5 / 2018

License plate:

77ANNW

VIN:

WA1BNAFY4J2001875

If you have questions or further information needed. Don't hesitate to
contact me. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 09:05:23

__FW: 20230718-6AELHA: Claimant Erica Sitgraves Date of injury 7/9/23__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 26 Jul 2023 09:05:18 -0400

Please confirm who is handling the PIP claim and let Injury care know

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Injurycarechiropractic Dr Byers  
Sent: Wednesday, July 26, 2023 9:01 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: FW: 20230718-6AELHA: Claimant Erica Sitgraves Date of injury 7/9/23

 

Good morning, 

 

This is what I received when I asked if this would be Traveler?s.  Is Progressive the other party?s insurance?  I feel like it would be this one because it covers the vehicle she was in..

 

Thank you, 

 

Tara

Injury Care Chiropractic

502-681-4788

 

Sent from Mail   for Windows

 

From: Turo Support  
Sent: Tuesday, July 25, 2023 5:43 PM
To: injurycarechiropractic@hotmail.com  
Subject: Re: 20230718-6AELHA: Claimant Erica Sitgraves Date of injury 7/9/23

 

 ?

 ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? 


 ?







  

 






Hi Injurycarechiropractic, 

Yes, Travelers is Turo's liability insurer and handles claims involving liability and injury that occur during a Turo trip. If you have any of the below information, I can attempt to locate the trip that the accident occurred on and see if a claim has been opened up with Travelers, or I can start a claim.

Reservation number:

Turo Guest Email address:

Turo Guest Phone number:

Vehicle make/model/year:

License plate:

VIN: 

Kind regards,



Brandon 

Customer Support 

 

On Mon, Jul 24, 2023 at 1:35 PM  > wrote:

Where does this get filed to? Is it Traveler?s? Is there any contact information?

Thank you,

Tara
Injury Care Chiropractic
502-681-4788

Sent from Mailhttps://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=550986 for Windows

 

On Sun, Jul 23, 2023 at 7:57 PM  > wrote:

 

On Fri, Jul 21, 2023 at 7:56 PM  > wrote:

We are sorry for the delay in response. Since we are not an insurance company, a claim will need to be filed with our insurance partner Travelers. They will be assisting you in resolving this matter. Before I can initiate this claim, I will need some information from you to narrow the search for the guest.

Please fill out the form below to the best of your ability.

Was there a police report? (Please attach a copy if applicable.)

Turo Guest Information:
Reservation number:
Claim number
Email address:
Vehicle make/model/year:
License plate:
VIN:
?

Please let us know if you have any questions.

 

On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 6:47 PM  > wrote:

Hello,

I?m writing because I have a patient that has presented stating she was in a Turo rental in FL. We are located in KY. I?d like to see if there are any claims that have been opened on behalf of the patient. Her name is;

Erica Sitgraves
3421 Heatherfield Drive
Louisville, KY 40216
502-612-0697
DOB: 7/9/23
XXX-XX-3237

She indicates that the accident happened in Orlgnado, FL on Boggy Creek Rd. @ 1:40 pm.

Is there any identifiable claim information on her?

Thank you,

Tara Lyles
Injury Care Chiropractic
502-681-4788

Sent from Mailhttps://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=550986 for Windows

 






	

Need answers or support? Find them in the   Help Center




  



  



  



  



Turo, 111 Sutter St, San Francisco, CA 94104
