---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-18

**Case:** [[cases/erica-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023/erica-sitgraves-mva-7-9-2023|Erica Sitgraves MVA 7/9/2023]]

## 15:46:40

Hi Ms. Erica, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can send all information here. Thank you.

## 14:27:11

Contact Erica Sitgraves at (502) 612-0697 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 15:48:57

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [e.sitgraves@gmail.com](mailto:e.sitgraves@gmail.com)
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2023 15:47:30 -0400

Hi Ms. Erica,

I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm.
I just need to obtain some information with you to set up your file here in
our system. We need the police report information, a list of medical
providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of
your health insurance card. You can send all information here or on the
text message I sent and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank
you.


Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 14:27:26

__Phase Changed By:__ Justin
__Old Status:__ Potential New Client
__New Status:__ File Setup

## 14:27:11

Phase Change: File Set Up

## 14:21:52

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Summary__
MVA - P was rear ended. (p was a passenger)
Happened in Orlando Florida 

Drivers name was Abby Sitgraves (not injured)

Orange County Sheriff responded
She has the report

Treatment: Synergy

__Incident Date__
7/9/2023

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Location of Accident__
Orlando Florida

__Time of Accident__
1:30pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Passenger in vehicle that was rear ended at a red light. 

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
Migraines, neck and back 

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
cape canaveral Hospital

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__First Date of Treatment__
7/18/2023

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Claim Number__
Unsure 

__Claim Status__
Pending

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Audi Q5 unsure year 

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Back

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
UofL Hospital

__Job Title__
Patient Access Specialists 

__Rate of Pay__
18

__Per:__
Hour

__BI Claim Number__
Unsure 

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Acura RSX

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
P was rear ended 

__What Type of Case is it?__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Were you injured?__
Yes

__Have you had any medical treatment for your injuries?__
Yes

__Is it someone else's fault?__
Yes

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 12:49:06 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5026120697 - Message:  - Erica, I sent over the link via email and text for you to e-sign. If you do not receive it for some reason, please let me know and I will resend. As soon as we get that back, I will get your case assigned over and we will get rolling on it. Thanks
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 1:16:49 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5026120697 - Message:  - Did you receive it?
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 1:19:29 PM - From: +15026120697 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I received it. I'm driving right now and I want to look it over before I send it back. I will have it sent back in the next 15 min
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 1:20:22 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5026120697 - Message:  - No worries just making sure it went through. The medical provider is about to call you as well. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 1:54:03 PM - From: +15026120697 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Can you explain to me the fee agreement? Will it be 33.36% and then another 40%?
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 1:59:30 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5026120697 - Message:  - No no, the fee is standard. It is 33.3%. The fee only goes to 40% in the event we have to file a lawsuit and take the case to court. That’s how most personal injury firms set their fee, 1/3 but goes to 40% if the case goes to court. So the fee would increase from 33.3% to 40% (6.7% more) if the case were to go to court. Sorry for the confusion.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2023 2:02:17 PM - From: +15026120697 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Oh great! Thank you so much for clarifying!
-----------------End Message-----------------
