---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-29

**Case:** [[cases/david-cox-mva-4-30-2023/david-cox-mva-4-30-2023|David Cox MVA 4/30/2023]]

## 13:00:45

__Re: David Cox__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ben Wyman  [bwymanlaw@gmail.com](mailto:bwymanlaw@gmail.com)
CC: Aries Penaflor  [Aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Aries@whaleylawfirm.com),  Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 11:59:50 -0500

We can provide the PIP information to Missi Spelar but she should also
provide the Client's Private Health Insurance as well as a secondary
insurance.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 11:41?AM Ben Wyman  wrote:

> Sarena,
>
> See the message below.  Context:  apparently David has dental injuries
> related to the wreck he was in with Chuck.  Based on your email to me
> earlier today, we are awaiting confirmation of a PIP case that could pay
> this?--BW
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Melissa Spelar 
> Date: Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 11:35?AM
> Subject: David Cox
> To: bwymanlaw@gmail.com 
>
>
> Good afternoon Ben this is Missi Spelar. I am a case manager at Bethesda
> Services. The purpose of this email is to obtain the insurance information
> pertaining to David Cox. David requested my assistance in scheduling a
> dental appointment and to have an MRI done so I need to know who the bills
> will be sent to before I can schedule these things. Thanks for your time!
>

## 13:00:33

__Fwd: David Cox__
From: Ben Wyman  [bwymanlaw@gmail.com](mailto:bwymanlaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 11:40:50 -0500

Sarena,

See the message below.  Context:  apparently David has dental injuries
related to the wreck he was in with Chuck.  Based on your email to me
earlier today, we are awaiting confirmation of a PIP case that could pay
this?--BW

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Melissa Spelar 
Date: Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 11:35?AM
Subject: David Cox
To: bwymanlaw@gmail.com 


Good afternoon Ben this is Missi Spelar. I am a case manager at Bethesda
Services. The purpose of this email is to obtain the insurance information
pertaining to David Cox. David requested my assistance in scheduling a
dental appointment and to have an MRI done so I need to know who the bills
will be sent to before I can schedule these things. Thanks for your time!

## 11:33:15

__Re: Chuck Cordle/David Cox__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ben Wyman  [bwymanlaw@gmail.com](mailto:bwymanlaw@gmail.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Aries Penaflor  [Aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Aries@whaleylawfirm.com),  Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 10:28:22 -0500

You're welcome.
Looking at David's File, I do see that an LOR has been sent to Commonwealth
& a claim seems to have been established under claim #C0H-0003235 and
Adjuster Alexis Sosa (ASosa@CCCInsurance.com) has been assigned. A LOR was
sent on 01/12/2024 and appears we are awaiting Acknowledgement.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 10:25?AM Ben Wyman  wrote:

> Thanks for your work on this.
>
> On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 10:21?AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Yes, Unfortunately.
>> We have sent him a 'No Contact' Letter via USPS on the 23rd & hoping to
>> hear from him soon.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 10:16?AM Ben Wyman  wrote:
>>
>>> If it helps, last number I have for Chuck is 606.571.6373.  That what
>>> you have?
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jan 29, 2024 at 9:56?AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good morning Ben,
>>>>      Thank you for the update. We have been having issues reaching
>>>> Charles again. It seems the number we have for him is currently not in
>>>> service. However, I do see that Charles & David were in a vehicle belonging
>>>> to Amiee Cox which was insured at the time by Commonwealth Insurance,
>>>> policy #OHA2300106447 with an expiration date of 04/15/2024. They were in a
>>>> Green 2003 Ford Expedition with license plate KAQ1143.
>>>>       I do see that a bodily injury claim was established with State
>>>> Farm under claim # 48-49F-94N and adjuster Ashanti Mock (844) 292-8615 Ext
>>>> 303 has been assigned. It appears this should be an automatic policy limit
>>>> claim due to the At Fault Driver being deemed 'too intoxicated to operate a
>>>> motor vehicle'. I will check in with the case managers and the
>>>> establishment of the PIP Claim and see if any Demand has been made for the
>>>> policy limits.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> Litigation Paralegal &
>>>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Jan 26, 2024 at 4:11?PM Ben Wyman  wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Serena and Aaron,
>>>>>
>>>>> Phone call today with David Cox, 3:50 p.m.
>>>>>
>>>>> David Cox is out of jail and presently at:
>>>>> Bethesda (substance abuse facility)
>>>>> 304 Solida Rd.
>>>>> South Point, OH 45680
>>>>> Case manager is Kayla Kilgore
>>>>> 740.442.8423
>>>>>
>>>>> Per David, he still has untreated injuries from the wreck, dental and
>>>>> knee.  I advised to pursue treatment.
>>>>>
>>>>> Additional notes:  David was a passenger in Chuck Cordle's vehicle in
>>>>> Chuck's second wreck.  David was uncertain if Chuck himself was insured at
>>>>> the time.  Because at initial contact with Chuck and David regarding
>>>>> Chuck's second wreck (and David's only wreck), they mentioned an adjuster,
>>>>> I assume that's adjuster from at-fault party in that second wreck.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 5:57?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Ben, I have no problem with it. Anything to move the case along.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 5:44?PM Ben Wyman  wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Sarena and Aaron,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Regarding Chuck's first wreck,  we've been waiting FOREVER to find
>>>>>>> out if he's gonna get surgery on his hip.   Any problem if I just reach out
>>>>>>> to doc or his office?  Sarena, if we have recent records (that
>>>>>>> might address the question), I'm happy to check the portal.--BW
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023, 10:56 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Ben,
>>>>>>>> Thank you fo the update. I hope they are doing ok.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> Litigation Paralegal &
>>>>>>>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 10:29?AM Ben Wyman 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Chuck is our current client.  He and David Cox were in a
>>>>>>>>> collision, another for Chuck, earlier this year.  I gave Aaron the adjuster
>>>>>>>>> contact info.  I got representation contracts for them just so we could
>>>>>>>>> make some movement.  Questions, concerns let me know.--BW
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>

## 11:00:53

__Re: Chuck Cordle/David Cox__
From: Ben Wyman  [bwymanlaw@gmail.com](mailto:bwymanlaw@gmail.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Fri, 26 Jan 2024 16:11:27 -0500

Serena and Aaron,

Phone call today with David Cox, 3:50 p.m.

David Cox is out of jail and presently at:
Bethesda (substance abuse facility)
304 Solida Rd.
South Point, OH 45680
Case manager is Kayla Kilgore
740.442.8423

Per David, he still has untreated injuries from the wreck, dental and
knee.  I advised to pursue treatment.

Additional notes:  David was a passenger in Chuck Cordle's vehicle in
Chuck's second wreck.  David was uncertain if Chuck himself was insured at
the time.  Because at initial contact with Chuck and David regarding
Chuck's second wreck (and David's only wreck), they mentioned an adjuster,
I assume that's adjuster from at-fault party in that second wreck.

On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 5:57?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Ben, I have no problem with it. Anything to move the case along.
>
> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 5:44?PM Ben Wyman  wrote:
>
>> Sarena and Aaron,
>>
>> Regarding Chuck's first wreck,  we've been waiting FOREVER to find out
>> if he's gonna get surgery on his hip.   Any problem if I just reach out to
>> doc or his office?  Sarena, if we have recent records (that might
>> address the question), I'm happy to check the portal.--BW
>>
>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023, 10:56 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good morning Ben,
>>> Thank you fo the update. I hope they are doing ok.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> Litigation Paralegal &
>>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, Dec 4, 2023 at 10:29?AM Ben Wyman  wrote:
>>>
>>>> Sarena,
>>>>
>>>> Chuck is our current client.  He and David Cox were in a collision,
>>>> another for Chuck, earlier this year.  I gave Aaron the adjuster contact
>>>> info.  I got representation contracts for them just so we could make some
>>>> movement.  Questions, concerns let me know.--BW
>>>>
>>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 10:58:19

Companion - Charles Cordle - Client was Passenger - Companion was Driver:
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/4332117/activity
