---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-03

**Case:** [[cases/marvynn-alexandre-leandre-mva-04-18-2023/marvynn-alexandre-leandre-mva-04-18-2023|Marvynn Alexandre-Leandre MVA 04/18/2023]]

## 09:38:50

__Fwd: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 2903887 - Sent__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MarvynnAlexandreZ3712478@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MarvynnAlexandreZ3712478@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 3 Nov 2023 09:38:36 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Nov 3, 2023 at 8:54?AM
Subject: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 2903887 - Sent
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Fax Transmission Result
------------------------------

Here are the results of the 4-page fax you sent from your phone number *(502)
357-9939, Ext. 113*

*Name* *Phone Number* *Date and Time* *Result*
+1 (502) 2903887 Friday, November 03, 2023 at 8:54 AM Sent
*Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax
format for transmission:*

*File Name* *Result*
Medical Billing Request to Starlite Chiropractic - Marvynn Alexandre.pdf
Success
Marvynn Alexandre - MedAuth - Starlite Chiropractic.pdf Success
Medical Records Request to Starlite Chiropractic - Marvynn Alexandre.pdf
Success
View this message on your RingCentral app
.


Thank you for using RingCentral!
------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 08:48:34

__Following up on the Medical Records and Bills for Marvynn Alexandre__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [starlitechiro@gmail.com](mailto:starlitechiro@gmail.com), [5022903887@rcfax.com](mailto:5022903887@rcfax.com)
Date: Fri, 3 Nov 2023 08:48:19 -0400

Hi,

Just following up on the medical records and bill request for our client,
Marvynn Alexandre. Please see attached medical records and billing requests
along with med auth. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
