---
case_slug: hope-renee-padgett
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:48:52.912000+00:00
document_category: photos
document_date: 2025-04-18
document_type: photo
extraction_method: image_proxy
legacy_case_id: 2023-01-16-MVA-001
mime_type: image/jpeg
page_count: 1
quality_score: 70
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Hope-Renee-Padgett-MVA-1-16-2023/Miscellaneous/b87221b6-c6dd-4d2e-84f4-c42430ea481c.jpg
source_hash: sha256:318e95bc97c4c797cd1556cca14be0ab80f298d452d13f6195593d6111d8bddc
---

# Image Document

**Original file:** /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Hope-Renee-Padgett-MVA-1-16-2023/Miscellaneous/b87221b6-c6dd-4d2e-84f4-c42430ea481c.jpg

## Extracted Text (OCR)

cCcms cee

cevreas FOR MEDICARE & MEDICAID SERVICES

1 of} R3938

April 18, 2025

ahh} aU TOUTE ea TEER Te ee

3938 1 MB 0.622 *AUTOMIXED A. z ADC i 17 P:17 PC33 F:253790! MOPMRADGHG. den oe fe Ve 2112 ROBIN LN MOUNT STERLING, KY 40353-8248

_~ Beneficiary Name: PADGETT, HOPE P Medicare ID: 4 7GP6K70PC81 Case Identification Number: 20240 18090 oottg >

Date of Incident: ~~ Januaty: 16;°2023

Subject: No Conditional Payments Identified by Medicare Dear HOPERPADGETT: a.

You previously received a letter notifying you of Medicare’s priority right to recovery as defined under the Medicare Secondary Payer provision. To date, Medicare has not paid any Part A or Part B Fee-for-Service claims related to the Date of Incident (DO!) referenced above.

If you believe that you have received this letter in erro) : lease contact the Benefits Coordination & Recovery Center (BCRC) immediately.

payments, ples ase be advised that we are:still investigating this case file to obtain any other outstanding , as Medicare may pay related claims in the future.

r and that Medicare has made conditional

Medi > conditional payments furnish our office with the information requested on the attached

case settles, please iement Detail Document. We will use the information from this document or your ts that must be repaid to Medicare.

nt document to finalize the list of conditional paymen' Iso be sure to send information about your attorney fees and similar costs you incurred in receive your settlement, as Medicare may use that information to reduce the amount you

qs fedicare identify paid claims that are related to your case, this information will be posted

. "MyMSP" tab of the www.medicare.gov website. The information at dicare.gov will be updated regularly with any changes or newly processed claims. If you

_ NGHP~ PO BOX 138832 * OKLAHOMA CITY, OK 73113 SGLBO8NC = - * Page |

€ Did you know you can upload case documentation through the Medicare Secondary Payer Recovery Portal located at https://www.cob.cms.hhs.gov/MSPRP (beneficiaries can access the portal through medicare.gov).

:

i
