---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-28

**Case:** [[cases/henry-bonta-mva-8-31-21/henry-bonta-mva-8-31-21|Henry Bonta MVA 8/31/21]]

## 12:22:24

__Re:__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [hbonta22@gmail.com](mailto:hbonta22@gmail.com) Henry Bonta
Cc: [HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [heather@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:heather@whaleylawfirm.com) Heather Talty
Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2022 11:22:06 -0500

Henry, we have been trying to call you. We have called the 502-526-8594
number. Is that number good? We need to schedule a recorded statement. Call
my office and talk to Heather to get that scheduled.

On Sat, Feb 26, 2022 at 5:41 AM Henry Bonta  wrote:

> So what's going on?
>
> On Mon, Feb 21, 2022, 10:45 PM Henry Bonta  wrote:
>
>> On February 14!!
>>
>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022, 1:33 PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Henry when did you last speak to Capital Now?
>>>
>>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022 at 1:39 AM Henry Bonta  wrote:
>>>
>>>> Mr. Whaley:
>>>>
>>>>                      My name is Henry Bonta you don't know me but i'm a
>>>> client of yours. Look man i'm in a tight spot your agency was able to get
>>>> me a rental car but it was left up to me to pay out of pocket for the
>>>> insurance. Now here's the problem i don't have the money to pay for it.
>>>>         So i was wondering if there was anyway i could get a cash
>>>> advance from my settlement to pay for the insurance because I'm in jeopardy
>>>> of losing the car rental. I'm sure you can help me out or maybe you can
>>>> work something out to where the insurance is taken out from my settlement.
>>>> I can't loose the rental car because i need to get to and from work and Dr
>>>> appointments.
>>>>        Or maybe you can tell me if you're close to gettin my settlement
>>>> done. Or at least get me some money to replace my car that i lost so i can
>>>> turn in the rental. I'm sure you can work something out for me to help me
>>>> out or do i need to hire me another attorney. Let me know what you think
>>>> and what you can do. I mean i'm a patient man it's been six months it took
>>>> me 5 months to get the rental car.
>>>>          I applied to capital funding and was declined and now i have
>>>> to wait 30 days to reapply so let me know as soon as possible please!!
>>>>
>>>>             Sincerely yours:
>>>>                         Henry Bonta!!
>>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
