---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-20"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-20

**Case:** [[cases/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023|Anushka Soni MVA 8/31/2023]]

## 10:52:14

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to give her an update on her case. Informed her that Geico Insurance will pay for the damages, and they will contact her directly to discuss and resolve property damage with her. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 20 2023

## 10:51:56

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:45:28

__New Insurance Note:__ 9/20 Called the adjuster, she stated that the other vehicle's insurance which is Geico accepted liabilities for this. She sent an ack letter and denial letter via mail.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea Madayag
 #Inotes

## 10:38:23

__New Insurance Note:__ 9/20 Updated BI Adjuster's info. Called the adjuster to ask liability status, she stated that they are going to pay for the damages. They will contact client directly to discuss and resolve property damage.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Geico Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea Madayag
 #Inotes

## 09:24:47

__Re: 054846106 Claim#:054846106-01__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Karie.Verboomen@libertymutual.com](mailto:Karie.Verboomen@libertymutual.com) Verboomen, Karie
Date: Wed, 20 Sep 2023 09:22:36 -0400

Hi Karie,

This is noted. I'll keep you posted once I obtain our client's availability
for a recorded statement. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Tue, Sep 19, 2023 at 6:01?PM Verboomen, Karie <
Karie.Verboomen@libertymutual.com> wrote:

>
>
> *Hello Coleen,*
>
>
>
> LOR received.
>
>
>
> Kindly advise of the nature of injuries and treatment to date for your
> client and provide a date/time we may obtain their statement.
>
>
>
> Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> *Karie Verboomen*
>
> 317.805.2527
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> *Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *
>
>
> *View claim status *
>
>
> *Check payment information *
>
>
>
> *View your Claims Representative's information *
>
> [image: Login ?] *Login  ?*
> 
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 054846106},{Exposure-Number : 01},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> BIFREEFORM_SF}]
>
>
> Policy Underwritten by * Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois*
>
> ?2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
> Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
> WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
> Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
> states and the District of Columbia.
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, September 19, 2023 1:51 PM
> *To:* Verboomen, Karie ;
> 8882688840@rcfax.com
> *Subject:* {EXTERNAL} 054846106
>
>
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> Please acknowledge receipt. Thank you.
>
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
