---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-18

**Case:** [[cases/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023/anushka-soni-mva-8-31-2023|Anushka Soni MVA 8/31/2023]]

## 08:01:22

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  per client, she took a break because she was busy but she will keep going for a couple more weeks on her treatment. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: October 18 2023

## 08:01:04

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 08:01:04

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 07:59:34

__Fwd: New Text Message from Anushka Soni on 10/17/2023 4:56 PM__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AnushkaSoniMVAZ3901415@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AnushkaSoniMVAZ3901415@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 18 Oct 2023 07:59:29 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Oct 17, 2023 at 4:56?PM
Subject: New Text Message from Anushka Soni on 10/17/2023 4:56 PM
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Text Message
------------------------------

Dear Coleen Thea Madayag,

You have a new text message:
*From:* Anushka Soni
*To:* Coleen Thea Madayag
*Received:* Tuesday, October 17, 2023 at 4:56 PM
*Message:* Yes I still am. I took a break because I was busy but I think I
will keep going for couple more weeks. Thank you.
To reply using the RingCentral app
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
