---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-03

**Case:** [[cases/essence-adams-mva-8-2-2022/essence-adams-mva-8-2-2022|Essence Adams MVA 8/2/2022]]

## 08:40:48

__New Insurance Note:__ 2023.07.18 sent LOR to BI Adjuster via email and fax
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ USAA Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 08:30:04

__Fwd: Claim Message From USAA__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [EssenceAdamsZ3819068@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:EssenceAdamsZ3819068@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 3 Aug 2023 08:28:24 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: USAA Claims <53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com>
Date: Thu, Aug 3, 2023 at 8:01?AM
Subject: Claim Message From USAA
To: 


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add 53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com
 to your address book.
[image: USAA Logo]

*USAA SECURITY ZONE*
Coleen
Madayag
USAA # ending in:0320

*  Claim Message*

Dear Coleen T Madayag,



This correspondence is regarding the following USAA claim:



*USAA policyholder:*

Jenny E Bush

*Claim number:*

016366919?002



I apologize, I see that Essence Adams is no longer a minor and I was able
to obtain her social security number.



You may reply to this message. If you need to provide documentation, you
can attach documents to your email. We can?t guarantee the security of any
medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by
email.


Email Delivery Criteria

To ensure delivery of your email, please make sure it meets the following
criteria:



   - The size of the message can?t exceed 30 MB.
   - These attachments are supported: .bmp, .jpe, .jpeg, .jpg, .pdf, .doc,
   .docx, .xls and .xlsx.
   - Individual attachments must not exceed 7 MB.
   - Include no more than 10 attachments.
   - Attachments can?t be password-protected.



Sincerely,



Alicia

San Antonio Injury Claims

USAA Casualty Insurance Company



[06877:022:59]

a
[image: Go Digital] *Go Digital*
Review and edit your online document preferences at usaa.com

.
[image: USAA Community]
 [image: Go Mobile]

[image:
Facebook]    [image:
Twitter]    [image: You
Tube] 
  [image:
More]


   *Privacy Promise*


   USAA Casualty Insurance Company, 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio,
Texas 78288




*   128362-0522* &nbsp*Need Roadside Assistance ? Help is on the way !*
     Visit our USAA mobile app
 or Claims
Center

24/7.

## 08:29:42

__Fwd: USAA Assigned New Adjuster__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [DedraAdamsZ3819065@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DedraAdamsZ3819065@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [EssenceAdamsZ3819068@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:EssenceAdamsZ3819068@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 3 Aug 2023 08:28:03 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: USAA Claims <53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com>
Date: Thu, Aug 3, 2023 at 7:55?AM
Subject: USAA Assigned New Adjuster
To: 


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add 53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com
to your address book.


New Adjuster Assigned
View Accounts
 | Privacy
Promise

| Contact Us

*USAA SECURITY ZONE*
Coleen
Madayag
USAA # ending in:3268



Thank you for agreeing to accept messages and documents electronically for
the duration of this claim. Here are the terms and conditions

for electronic communication with you.



USAA Reference Number: 016366919 - 2



Dear Coleen Madayag,





Please see attached for additional information.



You may reply to this message. If you need to provide documentation, you
can attach documents to your email. We cannot guarantee the security of any
medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by
email.



[06877:022:59]






Privacy Promise


54717-0822

## 08:29:11

__Re: USAA Assigned New Adjuster__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com](mailto:53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com) USAA Claims
Date: Thu, 3 Aug 2023 08:27:25 -0400

Received. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Thu, Aug 3, 2023 at 7:55?AM USAA Claims <53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com>
wrote:

> To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add 53whppj9p4mz@claims.usaa.com
> to your address book.
>
> 
> New Adjuster Assigned
> View Accounts
>  | Privacy
> Promise
> 
> | Contact Us
> 
> *USAA SECURITY ZONE*
> Coleen
> Madayag
> USAA # ending in:3268
>
>
>
> Thank you for agreeing to accept messages and documents electronically for
> the duration of this claim. Here are the terms and conditions
> 
> for electronic communication with you.
>
>
>
> USAA Reference Number: 016366919 - 2
>
>
>
> Dear Coleen Madayag,
>
>
>
>
>
> Please see attached for additional information.
>
>
>
> You may reply to this message. If you need to provide documentation, you
> can attach documents to your email. We cannot guarantee the security of any
> medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by
> email.
>
>
>
> [06877:022:59]
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Privacy Promise
> 
>
> 54717-0822
>
>
>
