---
case_slug: estate-of-betty-prince
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:40:59.327000+00:00
document_category: legal
document_date: 2024-05-13
document_type: legal
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2020-07-14-PrL-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Estate-of-Betty-Prince-Premise-7-14-2020/Pleadings/nefforefilerjeffersoncircuit21-ci-003798princero12.eml
source_hash: sha256:d0b0fcc1a6079f49ef239a76ffb5ace4b1f7265bd9ddb45f5cedfb29f9adcced
---

**Case:** [[cases/estate-of-betty-prince/estate-of-betty-prince|Estate of Betty Prince]]
**Client:** [[cases/estate-of-betty-prince/contacts/estate-of-betty-prince|Estate of Betty Prince]]

Subject: NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 21-CI-003798, PRINCE, ROBERT VS. NORTON HOSPITALS, INC.                    Envelope # 7932580
From: [EMAIL-8]
To: [EMAIL-7], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-6]
Date: 2024-05-13T11:02:54-04:00
Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: May 13, 2024 at 11:02AM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: PRINCE, ROBERT VS. NORTON HOSPITALS, INC.

Case Number: 21-CI-003798

Envelope Number: 7932580

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-5]
Piekarski, Matthew - [EMAIL-5]
Effinger, Joseph - [EMAIL-6]
Nafziger, Ryan - [EMAIL-7]
Gerstner, Blake A. - [EMAIL-8]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO COMPEL
 EXHIBIT
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=7932580

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=C41625A8-6884-4709-86EB-DFFBB5DC7037

You may file subsequent case matters at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=7932580

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
