---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-03

**Case:** [[cases/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19|Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19]]

## 10:49:11

@aaronw Mediation is set for 03/01/2022 - Zynex Medical has outstanding bills and PIP is still reserved - Would you like to release the PIP?

## 23:02:15

@stuttle Need to file expert disclosure soon

## 10:42:08

Recvd FU email from Zynex Medical - PIP is still reserved - Sent to AW 01/25 - Resending

## 10:40:22

__Fwd: 664860	Roberts, Greg	KY	Erie Insurance__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 25 Jan 2022 10:26:36 -0500

How would you like to handle this? Release PIP?
Mediation is scheduled for 03/01/2022

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Evan Allen 
Date: Tue, Jan 25, 2022 at 10:13 AM
Subject: 664860 Roberts, Greg KY Erie Insurance
To: stuttle.wlf@gmail.com 


Good morning,



In regards your client, Greg Roberts, we have received notice from the
carrier that the PIP is being held by the patient and thus the bills we
have submitted have not been paid. Please advise so we can quickly resolve
this problem for your client.



Thank you,



*Evan Allen*

*|*

*Billing*

*|*

*Attorney*

Zynex Medical

|

9655 Maroon Circle, Englewood, CO 80112, USA

P: (303) 997-0745 <(303)%20997-0745>

|

F: (833) 701-2179 

eallen@zynex.com

|

www.zynex.com

|

NASDAQ: ZYXI





The information contained in this message is privileged, confidential, and
protected by law from disclosure. If the reader of this message is not the
intended recipient, or any employee or agent responsible for delivering
this message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication is strictly
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify
us immediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your
computer.
