---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-05

**Case:** [[cases/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19|Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19]]

## 15:23:01

__Re: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2022 15:19:01 -0400

Called Laura again for status - Lien was just updated on Monday - she still
needs to review the file and will send out once she has.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Oct 5, 2022 at 3:17 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Per Lien Tab Note:
> 2022.09.20 Recvd Conduent Status Request Letter - Called Laura - Advised
> of status
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Oct 5, 2022 at 3:14 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Awaiting response from Conduent - Recvd call from them recently on this
>> and should have any day now
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Tue, Sep 27, 2022 at 8:31 AM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Where are we on getting updated billing summary?
>>>
>>> On Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 12:46 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>>
>>>> Get a pip log, and lien from conduent log. Need complete billing sumary
>>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>>>> From: April Mullins 
>>>> Date: Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 10:40 AM
>>>> Subject: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19
>>>> To: Aaron Whaley 
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Good Morning,
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I just wanted to follow up on the status of his case. We have been made
>>>> aware his benefits are reserved. He currently has a balance of $8389 with
>>>> our office. I have included a copy of our itemization for your review.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Thank you,
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> *April Mullins*
>>>>
>>>> A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> *PHONE:*
>>>>
>>>> *EMAIL:*
>>>>
>>>> *WEB:*
>>>>
>>>> *ADDRESS:*
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Office: 502-909-0772
>>>>
>>>> amullins@aptivahealth.com
>>>>
>>>> aptivahealth.com
>>>>
>>>> 3615 Newburg Road
>>>>
>>>> Louisville, KY 40218
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> 
>>>> 
>>>> 
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use
>>>> by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
>>>> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
>>>> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
>>>> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
>>>> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
>>>> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
>>>> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
>>>> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>

## 15:21:29

Recvd AW inquiry as to Conduent Lien - Advised s/w Conduent recently and should have any day now - Checked Lien Tab Notes - Confirmed conversation was on 09/20 - Called Conduent Adjuster again for updated status - Lien just updated on Monday - She will send over once she has had a chance to review it. #Lien #Conduent

## 15:17:21

__Re: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2022 15:17:06 -0400

Per Lien Tab Note:
2022.09.20 Recvd Conduent Status Request Letter - Called Laura - Advised of
status

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Oct 5, 2022 at 3:14 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Awaiting response from Conduent - Recvd call from them recently on this
> and should have any day now
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Sep 27, 2022 at 8:31 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Where are we on getting updated billing summary?
>>
>> On Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 12:46 PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>>
>>> Get a pip log, and lien from conduent log. Need complete billing sumary
>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>>> From: April Mullins 
>>> Date: Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 10:40 AM
>>> Subject: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19
>>> To: Aaron Whaley 
>>>
>>>
>>> Good Morning,
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> I just wanted to follow up on the status of his case. We have been made
>>> aware his benefits are reserved. He currently has a balance of $8389 with
>>> our office. I have included a copy of our itemization for your review.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Thank you,
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> *April Mullins*
>>>
>>> A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> *PHONE:*
>>>
>>> *EMAIL:*
>>>
>>> *WEB:*
>>>
>>> *ADDRESS:*
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Office: 502-909-0772
>>>
>>> amullins@aptivahealth.com
>>>
>>> aptivahealth.com
>>>
>>> 3615 Newburg Road
>>>
>>> Louisville, KY 40218
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> 
>>> 
>>> 
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
>>> the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
>>> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
>>> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
>>> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
>>> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
>>> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
>>> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
>>> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

## 15:14:47

__Re: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2022 15:14:31 -0400

Awaiting response from Conduent - Recvd call from them recently on this and
should have any day now

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Sep 27, 2022 at 8:31 AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Where are we on getting updated billing summary?
>
> On Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 12:46 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>>
>> Get a pip log, and lien from conduent log. Need complete billing sumary
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: April Mullins 
>> Date: Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 10:40 AM
>> Subject: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19
>> To: Aaron Whaley 
>>
>>
>> Good Morning,
>>
>>
>>
>> I just wanted to follow up on the status of his case. We have been made
>> aware his benefits are reserved. He currently has a balance of $8389 with
>> our office. I have included a copy of our itemization for your review.
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you,
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *April Mullins*
>>
>> A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison
>>
>>
>>
>> *PHONE:*
>>
>> *EMAIL:*
>>
>> *WEB:*
>>
>> *ADDRESS:*
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> Office: 502-909-0772
>>
>> amullins@aptivahealth.com
>>
>> aptivahealth.com
>>
>> 3615 Newburg Road
>>
>> Louisville, KY 40218
>>
>>
>>
>> 
>> 
>> 
>>
>>
>>
>> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
>> the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
>> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
>> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
>> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
>> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
>> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
>> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
>> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
