---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-27

**Case:** [[cases/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19/gregory-roberts-mva-6-28-19|Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19]]

## 08:31:45

__Re: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:GregRobertsMVAZ954653@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2022 08:31:30 -0400

Where are we on getting updated billing summary?

On Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 12:46 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
> Get a pip log, and lien from conduent log. Need complete billing sumary
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: April Mullins 
> Date: Tue, Jul 12, 2022 at 10:40 AM
> Subject: Gregory Roberts MVA 6/28/19
> To: Aaron Whaley 
>
>
> Good Morning,
>
>
>
> I just wanted to follow up on the status of his case. We have been made
> aware his benefits are reserved. He currently has a balance of $8389 with
> our office. I have included a copy of our itemization for your review.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
>
> *April Mullins*
>
> A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison
>
>
>
> *PHONE:*
>
> *EMAIL:*
>
> *WEB:*
>
> *ADDRESS:*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Office: 502-909-0772
>
> amullins@aptivahealth.com
>
> aptivahealth.com
>
> 3615 Newburg Road
>
> Louisville, KY 40218
>
>
>
> 
> 
> 
>
>
>
> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
> the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
