---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-02

**Case:** [[cases/rasaan-sykes-mva-6-4-21/rasaan-sykes-mva-6-4-21|Rasaan Sykes MVA 6/4/21]]

## 03:47:00

Review File

## 16:13:31

__Re: Rasaan Sykes Claim#:040620997-05__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Melissa.Bechtold@libertymutual.com](mailto:Melissa.Bechtold@libertymutual.com)
Cc: [RasaanSykesMVAZ954745@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:RasaanSykesMVAZ954745@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 2 Mar 2022 15:13:17 -0500

So, your first offer is your top offer?  We settled Leangelo Sullivan for
$2200 and they treated the same length of time with similar injuries. Why
is that worth $200 more?

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 10:14 AM Bechtold, Melissa <
Melissa.Bechtold@libertymutual.com> wrote:

>
>
> *Mr. Whaley,*
>
>
>
> *Good morning. Based on the documentation received to date, we see the
> value of Mr. Sykes claim as $2,000.00 exclusive of the PIP.  *
>
>
>
> *If you have additional information to consider, please forward it to my
> attention at your earliest convenience. *
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
>
> *Melissa Bechtold*
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> *Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *
>
>
> *View claim status *
>
>
> *Check payment information *
>
>
>
> *View your Claims Representative's information *
>
> [image: Login ?] *Login  ?*
> 
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 040620997},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> BIFREEFORM_SF}]
>
>
> Policy Underwritten by * Safeco Insurance Company of Indiana*
>
> ©2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
> Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
> WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
> Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
> states and the District of Columbia.
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Hughes, Jasmine R 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, March 1, 2022 12:43 PM
> *To:* Bechtold, Melissa 
> *Subject:* FW: {EXTERNAL} Rasaan Sykes #045829540
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, March 1, 2022 12:34 PM
> *To:* Hughes, Jasmine R 
> *Cc:* RasaanSykesMVAZ954745@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
> *Subject:* {EXTERNAL} Rasaan Sykes #045829540
>
>
>
> Jasmine I wanted to follow up on your offer of $2,000 to settle Rasaan's
> claim. In effort to resolve this can you get to $3,000 and call it a day?
> Thanks.
>
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
