---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-19

**Case:** [[cases/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023/tracy-howard-mva-1-17-2023|Tracy Howard MVA 1/17/2023]]

## 08:30:29

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  contacted client via email since she mentioned last time that she haven't been able to answer calls, since her phone won't let her answer it. 

client replied on the email, she stated she's still having problems with her right foot and still actively treating. She's also waiting for her medical card to come in because she needs it as well for her next visit on her provider 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: April 19 2023

## 08:30:13

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 08:12:05

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [briward029@gmail.com](mailto:briward029@gmail.com) Tracy Howard
Date: Wed, 19 Apr 2023 08:11:39 -0400

Hi Tracy,

Thank you for this information. Yes, your case is looking good. We were
able to get all of the information and documents we needed. We will update
and reach out to you when we need further information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

On Wed, Apr 19, 2023 at 5:14?AM Tracy Howard  wrote:

> The message I sent was supposed to say " I've been waiting for my medical
> card to come in"
>
> On Wed, Apr 19, 2023, 4:11 AM Tracy Howard  wrote:
>
>> I've been waiting on my medical cato make rd cause they said I had to
>> have it on my next visit I got it in yesterday so I'm calling an
>> appointment today but I'm still having problems with my right foot. Is
>> everything looking ok with my case
>>
>> On Tue, Apr 18, 2023, 1:05 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Tracy,
>>>
>>> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check, how' s
>>> your treatment going? Thank you.
>>>
>>>
>>> Respectfully,
>>>
>>> Coleen Madayag
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>
