---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-16

**Case:** [[cases/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022|Beng Sweet MVA 8/28/2022]]

## 13:12:29

Pip Claim set up waiting for adjuster to call back and say wat his email or fax is to send over the LOR TO PIP #cpip

## 10:36:42

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Wreck was 8/28/2022
Happened in Columbus Ohio

P was rear ended and pushed into another vehicle. 5 vehicles total, chain reaction

Columbus PD responded, he will email us the info

P went to Urgent Care and got checked out
Injuries: neck pain and back pain

PIP: TOKIO MARINE
Claim: AU172270
Policy: CA6404299-11
Adjuster: Sean McDermott
Phone: 972-532-5608

BI: Progressive
Claim: Unsure, said he will text it to us

__Incident Date__
8/28/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Time of Accident__
2:30pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
5

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
P was rear ended and pushed into another vehicle. 4 vehicles total, chain reaction

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Were pictures taken of the injuries?__
No

__Injury Notes__
neck and back pain

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
Florence Urgent Care - St. Elizabeth Physicians

__Has Client had Diagnostic Imaging Completed or Scheduled?__
No

__Did Client follow up with their PCP?__
No

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Neck Back And Knee Center

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Tokio Marine Insurance

__Claim Number__
AU172270

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2020 Toyota Tundra

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
No

__Does Client need car fixed?__
Yes

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
Client sending us some

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Front,Back

__Employment Status:__
Not working at the time of accident

__Type of Benefits__
Self Employed, paid cash

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Progressive Insurance Company

__BI Claim Number__
22-3318337

__BI Claim Status__
Under Investigation

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Honda Pilot

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
P was rear ended and pushed into another vehicle

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
9/12/2022 5:59:02 PM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : Beng.sweetjr@gmail.com
First : Beng
Last : Sweet
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +15132907177
Summary : How:Car Accident 
When: Within 1-3 Months
Injuries: Whiplash or Soft Tissue Neck and Back Pain
Attorney: No, I do not have an attorney
Description: 5 car accident I was hit then I hit a vehicle and so on

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
9/15/2022 12:52:34 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Intake complete, waiting on e-sign

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/12/2022 5:59:02 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 5132907177 - Message:  - Hello Beng Sweet, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/12/2022 5:59:02 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: beng.sweetjr@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Beng,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/14/2022 5:15:06 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: beng.sweetjr@gmail.com - Message: Beng, this is The Whaley Law Firm. How can we help! - Hello Beng, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. My name is Brandon French and I am the Intake Coordinator for our firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502) 677-3361. If you prefer, you can always email me by REPLYING to this message..

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 12:50:11 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5132907177 - Message:  - Mr. Sweet, you should have the email in your inbox now containing the intake docs for you to E-sign. As mentioned before, when you get home please send all of the photos and claim info to this number. My email address is Brandon@whaleylawfirm.com, you can forward the police report there. I am reaching out to the doctors office now and will have them call you directly. Thanks again, have a great day!

Attorney Aaron Whaley
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:08:02 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5132907177 - Message:  - Mr. Sweet, its Brandon with The Whaley Law Firm again. Just wanted to confirm that you received the email I sent over with the intake docs for you to E-sign? If not, let me know and I can resend it. Also, as a reminder, please text the photos and insurance info/claim info to this number when time permits. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:33:44 PM - From: +15132907177 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I just got home and now I'm at the Dr office you asked me to ngo check with
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:33:51 PM - From: +15132907177 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Go 
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:34:51 PM - From: +15132907177 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I'll send over the information once I leave here
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:35:35 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5132907177 - Message:  - Great! You are fine. No worries, no rush. Just whenever you get home is fine. Have a good night!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:38:06 PM - From: +15132907177 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I'll email over what I have later 
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 5:39:42 PM - From: +15132907177 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Progressive Direct Insurance Co
Claim: 22-3318337
Reply STOP to unsubscribe. Msg&Data rates may apply.

Rep: MATT SALAMONE
Rep Phone Number: 513-878-4144
Hi Beng, this is Matt from Pr
