---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-07

**Case:** [[cases/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022|Beng Sweet MVA 8/28/2022]]

## 10:17:30

__Re: Tokio Marine Claim AU0000172270__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "McDermott ,  Sean"  [Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com](mailto:Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 7 Oct 2022 10:16:44 -0400

Good morning Sean,
   I greatly apologize for the delayed response. The extent of Mr. Sweet's
injuries are still to be determined. We anticipate only soft tissue
injuries but will update you once this is confirmed.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Sep 30, 2022 at 1:37 PM McDermott, Sean <
Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com> wrote:

> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> I am confirming receipt of an email sent to Tokio Marine with your
> office’s letter of rep for mutual client Beng Sweet.
>
>
>
> Also confirming we have $10,000 in PIP available and will hold $4,000 per
> your discretion as stated in the LOR. With the other $6,000 to be used on
> bills except hospital or hospital related.
>
>
>
> What is the extent of injury for Beng Sweet and what is the outlook on
> their current treatment?
>
>
>
> To date I have only received a bill from Northwest Kentucky Pain Relief
> for dates 9/15 through 9/26.
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Sean McDermott *Claims Specialist II
> Automotive Risk Management Services (ARMS)
>
> Tokio Marine America
> A Member of the Tokio Marine Group
>
> PO Box 483
>
> Jersey City, NJ 07303
> *Direct Dial*: 972.532.5608  |  *Fax*: 972.692.8734
> http://www.TMAmerica.com/ 
>
>
>
> *_X_Tokio Marine America Insurance Company/ __Trans Pacific Insurance
> Company/__TNUS Insurance Company/__TM Specialty Insurance Company*
>
>
>
>
> This e-mail is intended solely for the individual to whom it is addressed.
> The information contained in this transmission contains confidential and/or
> proprietary information or is otherwise privileged. If the reader of this
> message is not the intended recipient, please be advised that any
> dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmission is strictly
> prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us
> immediately by returning it to the sender and deleting this copy from your
> system. Thank you for your cooperation.
>

## 10:06:43

__Tokio Marine Claim AU0000172270__
From: "McDermott, Sean"  [Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com](mailto:Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 30 Sep 2022 17:37:51 +0000

Good afternoon,

I am confirming receipt of an email sent to Tokio Marine with your office's letter of rep for mutual client Beng Sweet.

Also confirming we have $10,000 in PIP available and will hold $4,000 per your discretion as stated in the LOR. With the other $6,000 to be used on bills except hospital or hospital related.

What is the extent of injury for Beng Sweet and what is the outlook on their current treatment?

To date I have only received a bill from Northwest Kentucky Pain Relief for dates 9/15 through 9/26.

Thanks,


Sean McDermott
Claims Specialist II
Automotive Risk Management Services (ARMS)
Tokio Marine America
A Member of the Tokio Marine Group
PO Box 483
Jersey City, NJ 07303
Direct Dial: 972.532.5608  |  Fax: 972.692.8734
http://www.TMAmerica.com/

_X_Tokio Marine America Insurance Company/ __Trans Pacific Insurance Company/__TNUS Insurance Company/__TM Specialty Insurance Company


This e-mail is intended solely for the individual to whom it is addressed. The information contained in this transmission contains confidential and/or proprietary information or is otherwise privileged. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, please be advised that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmission is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us immediately by returning it to the sender and deleting this copy from your system. Thank you for your cooperation.
