---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-22

**Case:** [[cases/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022|Beng Sweet MVA 8/28/2022]]

## 14:51:52

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:57:28

__FW: AU0000172270__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BengSweetZ2140408@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BengSweetZ2140408@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 22 Dec 2022 13:57:19 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: McDermott, Sean  
Sent: Thursday, December 22, 2022 12:27 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: RE: AU0000172270

 

Hi Justin, 

 

Please see attached for requested item PIP ledger. We have been having
issues with our software we use to uploaded and extract documents from
claims. I have an IT ticket in for it to hopefully be resolved, but until
then I do not have a way to send the records and bills to you. Once the
issue is fixed, I can send those to you as well. 

 

Thanks,

 

 

Sean McDermott 

California Department of Ins. License number 2M28337
Claims Specialist II 
Automotive Risk Management Services (ARMS)

Tokio Marine America
A Member of the Tokio Marine Group

PO Box 483

Jersey City, NJ 07303
Direct Dial: 972.532.5608  |  Fax: 972.692.8734 
  http://www.TMAmerica.com/

 

_X_Tokio Marine America Insurance Company/ __Trans Pacific Insurance
Company/__TNUS Insurance Company/__TM Specialty Insurance Company

 

 

 

 

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
 > 
Sent: Monday, December 19, 2022 10:42 AM
To: McDermott, Sean  >
Subject: AU0000172270

 

	
You don't often get email from justin@whaleylawfirm.com
 . Learn why this is important
 

	

CAUTION: Be mindful prior to opening non-TMNA attachments and/or links.

 

Good morning

 

Please forward a complete copy of our client's PIP file, including all
records and bills received to date, along with an updated payment ledger.

 

Thanks,

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

This e-mail is intended solely for the individual to whom it is addressed.
The information contained in this transmission contains confidential and/or
proprietary information or is otherwise privileged. If the reader of this
message is not the intended recipient, please be advised that any
dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmission is strictly
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us
immediately by returning it to the sender and deleting this copy from your
system. Thank you for your cooperation.

## 14:56:57

saved PIP ledger. r/b from PIP file requested as well
