---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-13

**Case:** [[cases/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023|Danny Helton MVA 02/08/2023]]

## 14:24:36

check #7392 for $5,333.33 - sent priority mail - verified address w/Mr Helton #cc

## 13:35:51

__Fwd: New Voice Message from PROGRESSIVE (502) 909-3592 on 12/13/2023 12:05 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessa Galosmo, [dannyheltonz3202760@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:dannyheltonz3202760@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Danny Helton
Date: Wed, 13 Dec 2023 12:35:35 -0500

Ricky and Danny Helton PIP. Make sure they have all the same bills we have
and send updated direction of payment to pay all bills.
---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Dec 13, 2023 at 12:06?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from PROGRESSIVE (502) 909-3592 on 12/13/2023
12:05 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* PROGRESSIVE (502) 909-3592
*Received:* Wednesday, December 13, 2023 at 12:05 PM
*Length:* 00:53
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"This is Harry Colin with Progressive Insurance in the Pitman Pay unit on
Danny and Ricky Hilton's files. I just wanted to get in touch with you all
to find out if you had any bills for Ricky that we need to pay. Other than
the we have 1 bill on file for him. I think it is a An er, physician bill,
yeah, you know, if you all had any other bills for us to pay for him and if
so, if you had any payment direction on that and then on Danny's and know
you all are running the rest of his bills through Medicare or what the plan
was on that as far as us paying Or reimbursing my numbers 502-909-3592,
claim number 234-31-3100, thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:21:13

Spoke with Mr Helton and let him know check is enroute - he has both a street address and a PO Box -he asked if we could send priority mail - told him I will call him before check is mailed to him #cc
