---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-28

**Case:** [[cases/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023|Danny Helton MVA 02/08/2023]]

## 16:38:57

called PIP to inform the avail sched of client tomorrow. PIP will try to call at 1pm

## 16:36:17

Received call from Mr. Helton to let us know that Ortho needs his insurance coverage. Informed him that I already spoke with Kentucky Ortho and provide his PIP claim details. Clarified as well the 35% fee he doesn't want to pay for fixing his car. Informed him Atty. Whaley will not collect any fee for his property damage claim, client understood. COnfirmed sched  for recorded statement with PIP adjuster, client is available tomorrow between 1pm-2pm

## 13:14:12

__Fwd: New Voice Message from KENTUCKY ORTHOP (606) 248-0050 on 02/28/2023 10:58 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessa Galosmo, [DannyHeltonZ3202760@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DannyHeltonZ3202760@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 28 Feb 2023 12:13:56 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Feb 28, 2023 at 10:58 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from KENTUCKY ORTHOP (606) 248-0050 on
02/28/2023 10:58 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KENTUCKY ORTHOP (606) 248-0050
*Received:* Tuesday, February 28, 2023 at 10:58 AM
*Length:* 00:34
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" My name is Patricia and I'm calling on behalf of Kentucky orthopedic
Clinic. We have sold one of your clients today. Danny, Hilton, date of
birth, five apologize 62958 and I need someone to call me back to make sure
that you are representing him and if we have he has any pee up on any
coverage to pay for his treatment here 606-248-0050 extension 206 and my
name is Patricia. Thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
