---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-20

**Case:** [[cases/michele-cope-mva-4-9-2023/michele-cope-mva-4-9-2023|Michele Cope MVA 4/9/2023]]

## 09:30:28

Contact Michele Cope at 502-591-0344 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 10:04:41

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client, no answer. Tried multiple times, still no answer. Tried sending a text message, but it was undelivered. Sent an email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: April 20 2023

## 13:29:52

Hi, Michele Cope. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can also reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 10:04:16

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:58:17

__Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [michele.cope1@icloud.com](mailto:michele.cope1@icloud.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2023 09:57:55 -0400

Hi Michele Cope,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We're unable to reach you by
phone. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers
you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your
health insurance card. Thank you.


Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 09:52:41

Hi, Michele Cope. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Thank you.

## 09:30:26

Phase Change: File Set Up
