---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-07

**Case:** [[cases/dominique-price-mva-05-21-2022/dominique-price-mva-05-21-2022|Dominique Price MVA 05/21/2022]]

## 15:50:56

Recvd PIP LOR Ack & Dec Pages from Adj Terry Ingram w/Esurance - $10k Limit w/$1k Deductible

## 15:08:15

__New Voice Message from WINSTN SALEM NC (336) 331-6538 on 10/05/2022 10:03 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2022 14:04:04 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WINSTN SALEM NC (336) 331-6538 
*Received:* Wednesday, October 05, 2022 at 10:03 AM 
*Length:* 01:15 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Good morning, Mr. Hutter. This is Terry Eagle with insurance, giving you 
a call regarding your client Shaun, the data is Dominic little Susie 
Dominic price and my. Myla. Adonis, but it's the three clients. I am 
calling in reference at this point to dominate on your original letter of 
representation you reserve $6,000 to pay bills and reserve 4000 to be 
decided at a later, date. We are currently at the 6000 for Dominique and I 
am any bills at this point coming in I am reserving. If you have an updated 
direction to payment on the bills. If you could please return my call. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 15:07:15

Recvd PIP Adjuster VM 10/05 - Returned her call - Advised to keep reservation in place for time being - Will send DTP once ready to release - Also requested she resend LOR Ack as it is not in file #PIPAdj
