---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-03

**Case:** [[cases/maria-house-crook-mva-6-13-2023/maria-house-crook-mva-6-13-2023|Maria House-Crook MVA 6/13/2023]]

## 11:44:48

__Re: Maria House-Crook MVA 6/13/2023 - asking if possible for her to borrow $500__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Mon, 3 Jul 2023 11:43:31 -0400

Ok, noted, Atty. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Jul 3, 2023 at 11:23?AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Won?t be until Wednesday at the earliest
>
> On Mon, Jul 3, 2023 at 10:59 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Atty. Aaron,
>>
>> In regards to Ms. Maria Crook, she just called in to give updates on her
>> treatment and asked if it is possible for her to borrow $500 from us to pay
>> for her rent because she mentioned that she's broke and not working right
>> now. She doesn't know how we can do it, but she's asking if it's possible
>> to borrow today? Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 10:59:22

__Maria House-Crook MVA 6/13/2023 - asking if possible for her to borrow $500__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Mon, 3 Jul 2023 10:58:04 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

In regards to Ms. Maria Crook, she just called in to give updates on her
treatment and asked if it is possible for her to borrow $500 from us to pay
for her rent because she mentioned that she's broke and not working right
now. She doesn't know how we can do it, but she's asking if it's possible
to borrow today? Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 10:53:23

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Client called in, she just wanted to share that she can't talk that well because of her throat and she mentioned that she will have a surgery for her throat, just to let us know. But in regards to her treatment on her injuries, she will be visiting Caterra Health System today for a physical therapy, and she will give an update for the details or for how many days a week she will visit Caterrra Health for physical therapy. She also stated that, if it's possible for her to borrow $500 today to pay for her rent because she mentioned that she's broke and not working right now. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: July 03 2023

## 10:53:08

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:39:05

Hi Ms. Maria, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check, how's your treatment going? Were you able to have an appointment and/or visited Caterra Health System for treatment? Or are you seeing any other medical providers for treatment? You can reply here. Thank you.
