---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-11"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-11

**Case:** [[cases/maria-house-crook-mva-6-13-2023/maria-house-crook-mva-6-13-2023|Maria House-Crook MVA 6/13/2023]]

## 11:37:04

email to AGW - client called - has multiple physical and psycological issues. She asked for $500 Legal Funding Loan - as she has no living money and is unable to work currently #cc

## 10:58:11

__FW: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 658-7216 on 09/11/2023 10:56 AM__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag'
Date: Mon, 11 Sep 2023 10:58:01 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: RingCentral  
Sent: Monday, September 11, 2023 10:57 AM
To: Justin Chumbley 
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 658-7216 on 09/11/2023 10:56 AM

 



   

   


   

Voice Message 

  _____  



Dear Justin Chumbley, 

You have a new voice message:


From:

WIRELESS CALLER (502) 658-7216


Received:

Monday, September 11, 2023 at 10:56 AM


Length:

01:04


To:

(502) 583-4022 * 102 Justin Chumbley

Voicemail Preview: (Partial)

"Hey, Justin, this is Maria house crook calling and I called, uh, Friday and you was not in my phone number is 5026587216I was trying to get another loan. I am going through some problems, I am not working, I do not have enough money to live, I only have enough money to pay my rent and I am waiting for this surgeon. We did the inline supposed to meet with him, but he can not meet with me until October the 17th. I am trying to get that closer because I am trying to get this surgery done and try to get moving with this case, but at this time I need Help with some money. So I am trying to move and do all this other stuff because I am just not in a good place right now. So could you please give me a call back as soon as you get this message? Thank you. ..." 

Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your   RingCentral account with your main number, extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral account. 

 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

 

  _____  



Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app.   Get started 

 


By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to our   Terms of Use. 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
