---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-23

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 15:39:50

__Re: Johnston obo Morsey v. Curtsinger & Barber - dog bite case__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [marc@breitlaw.com](mailto:marc@breitlaw.com)
Cc: [MasonMorseyDBZ995847@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MasonMorseyDBZ995847@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 23 Dec 2022 14:39:28 -0500

Marc, sorry for the delay in my response. I spoke to Michael and those
pictures don't show the problems with Mason's face. I have attached some
that I took today. Honestly, looking at it in person is easier to see.  I
am happy to discuss or even invite you to see Mason in person. I do
appreciate you reaching out and your willingness to discuss resolution. If
it was just his arm then I think $25,000 is close. THough that scar does
look pretty bad. There is still scarring to his lip and face and his tooth
is obviously still missing. I assume the adult tooth will eventually
replace it.  THoughts?

Thanks. If I don't hear from you, have a great Christmas. I am out of the
office all next week and I will not be back in until Jan. 4. Though I will
have some access to email.

The first picture is "busted lip". You can see that his lower lip
looks swollen and red.
[image: Busted Lip.jpg]

The second is Chin Scar. You can see the scar running just above his chin
and below the lip.
[image: Chin Scar.jpg]

The last photo is of his arm. This also doesn't do it justice. In person
you can see that it really sticks out and actually folds down when he
lowers his arm.
[image: Arm.jpg]

On Fri, Dec 16, 2022 at 10:41 AM Marc Breit  wrote:

> Aaron, work with me and direct all correspondence/communication with me as
> I will be handling.  Let’s talk as I think we can settle fairly soon
> possibly suit.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
> Marc
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
