---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-28

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 13:00:40

Attempted to call Guardian again today to get updated photos - Mother answered the phone is not with Jessica - However she will deliver message as soon as she returns home #cc

## 12:56:25

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-07-28 16:54:12.017000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5023028786 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:502-977-2031, Personal Mobile:502-977-2031 

Caller Name: Jessica Morsey 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2443730

## 12:59:42

Recvd Adj Rickman Email - Requested extension to respond to Demand - She is awaiting Upd Scar photos - Extension granted #BI #Demand #Negotiations

## 12:52:57

__Claim 16-D-4FH128__
From: "Rickman, Tara"  [Tara.Rickman@americannational.com](mailto:Tara.Rickman@americannational.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 15:27:42 +0000

Hi Ms. Tuttle,

Please see my attached formal response to the demand for your client Mason Morsey.


[cid:image001.jpg@01D8A26C.9F6AE4A0]

Tara Rickman
Senior Claim Specialist
American National Property and Casualty
1949 E Sunshine St, Springfield MO 65899
800-333-2861 ext.2371
417-887-0523 (fax)
Tara.Rickman@ameriannational.com
Claimsmail@americannational.com




________________________________
American National is the brand name for American National Insurance Company, headquartered in Galveston, Texas, and its subsidiaries. Each company has financial responsibility only for its own products and services. American National Insurance Company is not licensed in New York. In New York, business is conducted by New York licensed subsidiaries. For more information, go to www.americannational.com.
Confidentiality: This transmission, including any attachments, is solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). This transmission may contain information that is confidential or otherwise protected from disclosure. The use or disclosure of the information contained in this transmission, including any attachments, for any purpose other than that intended by its transmittal is strictly prohibited. Unauthorized interception of this email is a violation of federal criminal law. If you are not an intended recipient of this transmission, please immediately destroy all copies received and notify the sender.
