---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-28

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 11:18:47

From: william 1127 09  [redjohnston82@gmail.com](mailto:redjohnston82@gmail.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2023 10:47:29 -0400

Will do

## 11:18:19

__Michael Johnston viewed Thank you for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2023 07:48:05 -0700

Hello Michael Johnston,   

At 7/28/2023 7:48:04 AM PDT, Michael Johnston opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley WC Client Intake Packet - Adult.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=eca1995f-f753-4e6d-9c4b-91ff425beb54

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi13KX1CpiGwg-Gnl44mwPVjH0l8742LXIF0x0syJVyqH-O-BxoUe-dtR3vwoYTv1KsNYAmphrF62jPD2G1aaM3Wn9Z19Th00UNT_n3N3S7TvN-Y7IBRzsyELphsRkTfrKVyCqswNSBu3e71TPRJE9aStWZYLl1V6am8tp9qMRwXxxtC3z_fJE-ZZa3sI_qtD8-HAuTtG_xzS_8_mvixR8qOaHTBlu408AN6BPht1bGKaq8CTjISwgkW4KdTG2QDj-ApvgIV8zSclAYKV11VkWc1Zis-BzLE88j-F6G2KHXtYlQLoeStrYZoO-gfQakSHmKl8g5l7LszCFzu3U-STRPNCfRd8w-Zm5r-z8Qg2V8qbc42-JShLZ6ZBum0dRNEK2zjDcZETeSnb_u2UgkQIBIufIdpUfiT6RjbNaxtdLiu7_1PsgixCjQMJynyOhhi3eDU&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend

## 09:49:11

__Mason Morsey Settlement__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: RedJohnston82@gmail.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2023 09:48:54 -0400

Good morning Michael,
     We have been trying to reach you in regard to some documents we need
you to sign in order to finalize Mason's settlement. Please give us a call
or stop by the office as soon as possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 09:46:02

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  No Response to DocuSign or prior VM - Attempted to call Guardian - No Answer - LVM again 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: July 28 2023

## 09:45:54

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:45:48

__Fwd: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 07/26/2023 4:15 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 26 Jul 2023 16:04:29 -0700

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Jul 26, 2023 at 4:15 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 07/26/2023
4:15 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
*Received:* Wednesday, July 26, 2023 at 4:15 PM
*Length:* 00:40
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, Mr Whaley, this is Stacy from Jefferson County Probate Division and
I am calling about the estate of Mason more. We are in need of a signed
bond by Michael Johnston. You can send him to our office. We are open
Monday through Friday A 32 430, or you can EFUL 1. I am not I did not see a
limited power of attorney for Michael Johnston in the foul. But if you do
have it, please send the limited power of return and assigned bond. Thank
you, bye bye."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
