---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-22

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 15:02:25

__Re: Mason Morsey__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BCecil@ringlerassociates.com](mailto:BCecil@ringlerassociates.com) Brad Cecil
Cc: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [masonmorseydbz995847@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:masonmorseydbz995847@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021
Date: Tue, 22 Aug 2023 15:02:08 -0400

Good afternoon Mr. Cecil,
   Please find attached the Guardian Executed QAR you requested. My
understanding is Aaron has already forwarded the release. If you need
anything further, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss
it in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Aug 16, 2023 at 2:46?PM Brad Cecil 
wrote:

> Aaron,
>
>
>
> We sent in the annuity premium.
>
>
>
> The following items are needed to finalize this case:
>
>
>
> Signed Settlement Agreement and Release
>
> Signed Qualified Assignment and Release
>
> Mason?s social security number, mailing address and a phone number for the
> annuity application
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
> Brad Cecil, CSSC
>
> [image: Ringler - Everybody Wins]
>
> Office: (502) 499-2086
>
> Cell: (502) 387-8291
>
> 4949 Brownsboro Road, Suite 150
>
> Louisville, KY  40222
>
> BCecil@ringlerassociates.com
>
> www.ringlerassociates.com
>
> Download vCard
> 
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Friday, January 13, 2023 9:24 AM
> *To:* Brad Cecil 
> *Cc:* Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021 <
> masonmorseydbz995847@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>; Sarena
> Tuttle 
> *Subject:* Re: Mason Morsey
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>    1. Full name of carrier or self- insurer purchasing the annuity: *American
>    National Property & Casualty*
>    2. Type of claim ? auto, homeowners, etc.: *Homeowners*
>    3. If auto, type of coverage ? BI, UM/UIM
>    4. If UIM, policy number
>    5. Name of insured and anyone needing to be released ? i.e., driver if
>    auto, etc.: * Teresa Curtsinger and Tanya Barber*
>    6. Date of loss: *12/10/21*
>    7. Loss location: *Louisville, KY.*
>    8. State of jurisdiction:* KY*
>    9. Total amount of settlement *$40,000*
>    10. Amount being paid as immediate cash for counsel fees, expenses,
>    liens, etc. *$14,696.91*
>    11. Who will be signing documents on behalf of minor ? will it be a
>    parent or will a GAL be court appointed?  If parent, in what capacity ?
>    GAL, Parent and Natural Guardian, etc. *Michael Johnston Parent*
>    12. Nature of physical injury: *Dog bite to face and arm*
>    13. Is there a defense attorney?  If so, please provide name and email
>    address so we can send payment instructions, the draft SAR and Qualified
>    Assignment and Release. *:Yes Marc Breit marc@breitlaw.com
>    *
>
>
>
> We will also need Mason?s social security number, mailing address and a
> phone number for the annuity application. *I'll get this to you shortly. *
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
> Brad Cecil, CSSC
>
> [image: Ringler - Everybody Wins]
>
> Office: (502) 499-2086
>
> Cell: (502) 387-8291
>
> 4949 Brownsboro Road, Suite 150
>
> Louisville, KY  40222
>
> BCecil@ringlerassociates.com
>
> www.ringlerassociates.com
> 
>
> Download vCard
> 
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Thursday, January 12, 2023 4:15 PM
> *To:* Brad Cecil ; Mason Morsey DB
> 12/10/2021 ;
> Sarena Tuttle 
> *Subject:* Mason Morsey
>
>
>
> Brad let's go with the option that pays out monthly for 5 years starting
> at 18.
>
>
>
> Sarena we will need to get approval but we will not need to file for it in
> district court since we have an active Circuit Court case. We can file it
> there and get the judges approval
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
> NOTICE: This e-mail message, including any attachment(s), contains
> information that may be confidential, protected by the attorney-client or
> other legal privileges, and/or proprietary non-public information. If you
> are not an intended recipient, please delete this message. Use,
> dissemination, distribution, or reproduction of this message and/or any of
> its attachments (if any) by unintended recipients is not authorized and is
> unlawful. Information contained herein is not tax advice nor is it intended
> or written to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of avoiding any
> tax penalties. You should seek advice based on your particular
> circumstances from an independent tax advisor if you have tax related
> questions.
>
> 00fv4qp71
>
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>

## 14:49:23

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax  [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Mon, 21 Aug 2023 11:14:32 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
