---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-25

**Case:** [[cases/keeven-ashby-mva-9-12-2020/keeven-ashby-mva-9-12-2020|Keeven Ashby MVA 9/12/2020]]

## 12:05:05

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - Just wanted to check status - Advised Recvd DC NTTD of Med Rec Custodians (Formal Medical Request) - Due date would typically be 01/15 but due to holidays (Christmas/New Years) it will be more like 01/30 - Advised will check in with AW though - Also discussed WC case - TTD & Rxs are continuing without issue - Discussed upcoming Surgery Anniversary - End of Recovery Period - Discussed TTD coming to a stop & to be prepared - Discussed new IMEs & DMEs will be scheduled - Discussed Clotting issue being related to WC back injury - (Need to make sure is addressed in new examinations) #cc

## 12:07:49

@aaronw Client called for status - Advised I would check in with you - DC NTTD Med Rec Custodian coming due - Filed 12/15 w/Holidays 1/30 latest #Review

## 12:05:41

__New Voice Message from ASHBY KEEVEN (502) 416-7246 on 01/25/2023 9:28 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2023 14:28:16 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ASHBY KEEVEN (502) 416-7246 
*Received:* Wednesday, January 25, 2023 at 9:28 AM 
*Length:* 00:17 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Miss Serena. This is Keven Ashby. Can you give me a call back at your 
earliest convenience. My number is 502-416-7246. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 12:05:05

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - Just wanted to check status - Advised Recvd DC NTTD of Med Rec Custodians (Formal Medical Request) - Due date would typically be 01/15 but due to holidays (Christmas/New Years) it will be more like 01/30 - Advised will check in with AW though - Also discussed WC case - TTD & Rxs are continuing without issue - Discussed upcoming Surgery Anniversary - End of Recovery Period - Discussed TTD coming to a stop & to be prepared - Discussed new IMEs & DMEs will be scheduled - Discussed Clotting issue being related to WC back injury - (Need to make sure is addressed in new examinations) #cc
