---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-10

**Case:** [[cases/laurie-knowles-mva-4-14-2023/laurie-knowles-mva-4-14-2023|Laurie Knowles MVA 4/14/2023]]

## 18:48:45

__New Insurance Note:__  auto policy declarations and initial request - stating that they will be handling No-Fault benefits claim from this accident.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Shelter Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 11:33:05

__Fwd: AT3504649//LAURIE KNOWLES__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [LaurieKnowlesMVAZ3860872@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LaurieKnowlesMVAZ3860872@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2023 11:31:20 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Candace Smith 
Date: Thu, Aug 10, 2023 at 11:28?AM
Subject: AT3504649//LAURIE KNOWLES
To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com 






Candace Smith, AIC, AINS

Medical Claims Adjuster

Shelter Insurance Companies

573-214-4130

candacesmith@shelterinsurance.com

## 11:32:53

__Re: AT3504649//LAURIE KNOWLES__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CandaceSmith@shelterinsurance.com](mailto:CandaceSmith@shelterinsurance.com) Candace Smith
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2023 11:31:09 -0400

Received. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Thu, Aug 10, 2023 at 11:28?AM Candace Smith <
CandaceSmith@shelterinsurance.com> wrote:

>
>
>
>
> Candace Smith, AIC, AINS
>
> Medical Claims Adjuster
>
> Shelter Insurance Companies
>
> 573-214-4130
>
> candacesmith@shelterinsurance.com
>

## 11:23:56

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [knutty5045@gmail.com](mailto:knutty5045@gmail.com) Laurie A
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2023 11:22:12 -0400

Hi Laurie,

I hope this email finds you well. This is again Coleen from the Whaley Law
Firm. We need photos of your vehicle damage or the spot from your vehicle
that shows damage that was caused by the incident. You can send it here.
Thank you.

 Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Tue, Aug 8, 2023 at 2:57?PM Laurie A  wrote:

> You're welcome!
>
> On Tue, Aug 8, 2023 at 8:21?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> This is noted. Thank you, Laurie.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Mon, Aug 7, 2023 at 5:14?PM Laurie A  wrote:
>>
>>> I will have the screenshots of my insurance sent to you tomorrow.
>>> Don't know how to do it,my friend is coming over and she will do it for
>>> me.
>>> Thank you and God Bless!!
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, Aug 7, 2023 at 5:08?PM Laurie A  wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you, I got it.
>>>> It is UnitedhealthCare Insurance number
>>>> member number
>>>> 119975123-00
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Aug 7, 2023 at 4:26?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Laurie,
>>>>>
>>>>> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We just spoke over the phone.
>>>>> You can reply or send here the photo of the front and back of your health
>>>>> insurance card. I will send you a text message as well, and you can also
>>>>> send there a copy of your health insurance card. Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>
>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>
>>>>

## 10:45:15

__New Insurance Note:__  requesting a photo of the vehicle damage and any video footage from the Kroger store where the incident occurred for their review. Need the exact location of the Kroger store as there are many Kroger stores in Louisville area. Need to get client's time she is often free or her availability for a recorded statement.  Their liability decision is pending additional investigation. She also stated PIP adjuster will contact is separately.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Shelter Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 09:54:01

__Re: AT3504649__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MTatum@shelterinsurance.com](mailto:MTatum@shelterinsurance.com) Michele Tatum
Cc: [ClaimsDocuments@shelterinsurance.com](mailto:ClaimsDocuments@shelterinsurance.com) Claims Documents
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2023 09:52:14 -0400

Hi Ms. Michele,

This is noted. I will reach out to our client, Ms. Laurie Knowles, for
photos of the vehicle damage, any footage from where the incident
occurred and to ask for her availability for a recorded statement. I will
keep you posted once I obtain all information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com



On Thu, Aug 10, 2023 at 8:59?AM Michele Tatum 
wrote:

> *Dear Whaley Law Firm,*
>
>
>
> *We have received the Letter of Representation for Laurie Knowles.*
>
> *I am the Casualty Adjuster. *
>
>
>
> *The PIP Adjuster will contact you separately.*
>
>
>
> *Our liability decision is pending additional investigation.*
>
> *We must obtain a recorded statement from Laurie Knowles. There appears to
> be no police report filed per the loss report submitted and apparently the
> other vehicle left the scene.*
>
> *This loss occurred almost four months ago and was reported on August 9,
> 2023.*
>
> *This appears to be a low velocity impact collision as the loss report
> indicates her vehicle damage has a damaged headlight and she has claimed
> injury. *
>
>
>
> *Please submit any  video footage from the Kroger store where the incident
> occurred for our review.*
>
> *Please provide the exact location of the Kroger store as there are many
> Kroger stores in the Louisville area.*
>
>
>
> *There is no Collision under this policy.*
>
> *However, please submit photos of the vehicle damage for our
> investigation.*
>
>
>
> *If you require any more information, let me know.*
>
> *I look forward to hearing from you to schedule a recorded statement.*
>
>
>
> *Sincerely,*
>
>
>
> *Michele E. Tatum*
>
> Casualty Adjuster
>
> Shelter Insurance Company
>
> Phone: 859-260-3468
>
> Fax: 859-742-5671
>
> claimsdocuments@shelterinsurance.com
>
>
>
>
>

## 09:40:07

A call for Bryce  Koon was logged at 2023-08-10 13:24:19.370000+00:00 . #inboundcall

Caller Info: 5026145099 

Caller ID: 502-614-5099 

Caller Name: Laurie Knowles 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/17002260
