---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-09"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-09

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021|Jamie Noble MVA 12/11/2021]]

## 15:29:05

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Quantum Healthcare

## 15:29:16

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for ARH Regional Medical Center

## 16:32:18

__Jamie Noble-Medical Records and Bill Request__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [6064360848@rcfax.com](mailto:6064360848@rcfax.com)
Date: Tue, 9 May 2023 16:31:59 -0400

## 15:29:12

__Phase Changed By:__ Jessa
__Old Status:__ 
__New Status:__ Demand in Progress

## 15:28:56

Phase Change: Demand in Progress

## 15:28:38

New Medical Provider Added

## 14:43:47

__Re:__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [noblejamie74@gmail.com](mailto:noblejamie74@gmail.com) Jamie Noble
Date: Tue, 9 May 2023 14:43:30 -0400

Hi Jamie,

Can you provide the list of all medical providers you went for treatment
related to your accident on 12/11/2021 so we can collect all your medical
records and bills from them and send out the demand for settlement.

On Tue, May 9, 2023 at 2:26?PM Jamie Noble  wrote:

>

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 13:14:26

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessa Galosmo, [JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 9 May 2023 13:14:09 -0400

I called and left message. Need to confirm all medical providers. If the
client has been told they need surgery that may be enough to resolve the
claim. Once you confirm all medical providers then send for medical records
and bill requests and change phase to demand in Progress.

On Tue, May 9, 2023 at 12:57?PM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi Atty. Whaley,
>
> Good day! Can you talk to our client Jamie Noble? I'm not really sure what
> to advise him about his situation. Client still needs surgery on his wrists
> but has some personal issues hindering that. BI accepted the liability and
> PIP coverage is good as well.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Jamie Noble 
> Date: Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:43?PM
> Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm
> To: Jessa Galosmo 
>
>
> How am I supposed to go to a doctor with no vehicle, no money to get one
> because I can't work and no place to recover because I can't afford a place
> to live.
>
> Is there anyway you can go ahead and settle without me having the surgery,
> because I really need to find a place first because as I said in the last
> email this cold damp basement is no place to be in normal circumstances
> much less after a surgery.  I don't mean to seem so uncooperative but this
> situation I'm in has gone on long enough.
>
> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 3:35 PM Jessa Galosmo 
> wrote:
>
>> That was me. I am the case manager assigned for your file here. State
>> Farm accepts the liability so we just need to finish all your treatment
>> before we send out the demand. If you need surgery on your wrist you can go
>> to any medical provider you want and just provide your PIP claim
>> number ZPA003383132 for billing. Just keep us posted for the name and
>> location of the medical provider so we can add it on file.
>>
>> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:12?PM Jamie Noble 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> A message was at my dad's number with someone needing my social security
>>> number. It is 403-98-8447. I will work on getting a copy of my w-2 they
>>> requested also and send it to you as soon as I get it.
>>>
>>>  In the future could you please just email me at above address.  Because
>>> I am having a problem getting my messages and people opening my mail.  I
>>> will have an updated address for you in next few days.
>>>
>>> Can you please give me an idea what the status of this claim is.  I
>>> would like to have my surgery on my wrist but I can't do that without a
>>> proper place to recover and this basement is not it.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>  Thank you
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>  Jamie Noble
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 2:47 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Jamie,
>>>>
>>>> This is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. You signed with us for your
>>>> accident on 12/11/2021. If you have any concerns or questions about your
>>>> case, feel free to contact me.
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> All the best,
>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> All the best,
>> Jessa Galosmo
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:57:39

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Tue, 9 May 2023 12:57:21 -0400

Hi Atty. Whaley,

Good day! Can you talk to our client Jamie Noble? I'm not really sure what
to advise him about his situation. Client still needs surgery on his wrists
but has some personal issues hindering that. BI accepted the liability and
PIP coverage is good as well.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jamie Noble 
Date: Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:43?PM
Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm
To: Jessa Galosmo 


How am I supposed to go to a doctor with no vehicle, no money to get one
because I can't work and no place to recover because I can't afford a place
to live.

Is there anyway you can go ahead and settle without me having the surgery,
because I really need to find a place first because as I said in the last
email this cold damp basement is no place to be in normal circumstances
much less after a surgery.  I don't mean to seem so uncooperative but this
situation I'm in has gone on long enough.

On Mon, May 8, 2023, 3:35 PM Jessa Galosmo  wrote:

> That was me. I am the case manager assigned for your file here. State Farm
> accepts the liability so we just need to finish all your treatment before
> we send out the demand. If you need surgery on your wrist you can go to any
> medical provider you want and just provide your PIP claim
> number ZPA003383132 for billing. Just keep us posted for the name and
> location of the medical provider so we can add it on file.
>
> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:12?PM Jamie Noble  wrote:
>
>> A message was at my dad's number with someone needing my social security
>> number. It is 403-98-8447. I will work on getting a copy of my w-2 they
>> requested also and send it to you as soon as I get it.
>>
>>  In the future could you please just email me at above address.  Because
>> I am having a problem getting my messages and people opening my mail.  I
>> will have an updated address for you in next few days.
>>
>> Can you please give me an idea what the status of this claim is.  I would
>> like to have my surgery on my wrist but I can't do that without a proper
>> place to recover and this basement is not it.
>>
>>
>>
>>  Thank you
>>
>>
>>
>>  Jamie Noble
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 2:47 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Jamie,
>>>
>>> This is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. You signed with us for your
>>> accident on 12/11/2021. If you have any concerns or questions about your
>>> case, feel free to contact me.
>>>
>>> --
>>> All the best,
>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
