---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-19"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-19

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021|Jamie Noble MVA 12/11/2021]]

## 16:08:03

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2023 16:07:46 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jamie Noble 
Date: Mon, Jun 19, 2023 at 3:48?PM
Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm
To: Jessa Galosmo 


No I didn't get treated right after the accident happened I have COPD and I
was afraid to catching COVID so I waited for as long as I possibly could
but still my ribs where broken in the front and back bout and my wrist is
messed up so bad I couldn't go back to work if you need anything else just
email me because I don't live over at my dad's anymore 6064878313 this
number is no good anymore thank you

On Mon, Jun 19, 2023, 12:28 PM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi Jamie,
>
> Did you get treatment right after the accident and before 12/07/22? The
> records we only have are almost a year after the accident.
>
> On Tue, May 30, 2023 at 2:26?PM Jamie Noble 
> wrote:
>
>> I'm having a hard time staying here next door to my dad's. I was wanting
>> to see maybe if I can get a advance I need to find a place to live
>>
>>
>> On Tue, May 30, 2023, 12:12 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Jamie,
>>>
>>> I was told you want to talk to me. You can reach me at 502-357-9975. I
>>> tried to call your father's phone but I only got voicemail. Let me know if
>>> there is a different phone number I can call.
>>>
>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:43?PM Jamie Noble 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> How am I supposed to go to a doctor with no vehicle, no money to get
>>>> one because I can't work and no place to recover because I can't afford a
>>>> place to live.
>>>>
>>>> Is there anyway you can go ahead and settle without me having the
>>>> surgery, because I really need to find a place first because as I said in
>>>> the last email this cold damp basement is no place to be in normal
>>>> circumstances much less after a surgery.  I don't mean to seem so
>>>> uncooperative but this situation I'm in has gone on long enough.
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 3:35 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> That was me. I am the case manager assigned for your file here. State
>>>>> Farm accepts the liability so we just need to finish all your treatment
>>>>> before we send out the demand. If you need surgery on your wrist you can go
>>>>> to any medical provider you want and just provide your PIP claim
>>>>> number ZPA003383132 for billing. Just keep us posted for the name and
>>>>> location of the medical provider so we can add it on file.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:12?PM Jamie Noble 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> A message was at my dad's number with someone needing my social
>>>>>> security number. It is 403-98-8447. I will work on getting a copy of my w-2
>>>>>> they requested also and send it to you as soon as I get it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  In the future could you please just email me at above address.
>>>>>> Because I am having a problem getting my messages and people opening my
>>>>>> mail.  I will have an updated address for you in next few days.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Can you please give me an idea what the status of this claim is.  I
>>>>>> would like to have my surgery on my wrist but I can't do that without a
>>>>>> proper place to recover and this basement is not it.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  Thank you
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  Jamie Noble
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 2:47 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Jamie,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> This is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. You signed with us for your
>>>>>>> accident on 12/11/2021. If you have any concerns or questions about your
>>>>>>> case, feel free to contact me.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> All the best,
>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> All the best,
>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 09:58:34

@jessa Please speak with client, all treatment records we have are a year after the DOA. Please confirm if any treatment after accident and before 12/7/2022

## 12:28:09

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [noblejamie74@gmail.com](mailto:noblejamie74@gmail.com) Jamie Noble
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2023 12:27:52 -0400

Hi Jamie,

Did you get treatment right after the accident and before 12/07/22? The
records we only have are almost a year after the accident.

On Tue, May 30, 2023 at 2:26?PM Jamie Noble  wrote:

> I'm having a hard time staying here next door to my dad's. I was wanting
> to see maybe if I can get a advance I need to find a place to live
>
>
> On Tue, May 30, 2023, 12:12 PM Jessa Galosmo 
> wrote:
>
>> Hi Jamie,
>>
>> I was told you want to talk to me. You can reach me at 502-357-9975. I
>> tried to call your father's phone but I only got voicemail. Let me know if
>> there is a different phone number I can call.
>>
>> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:43?PM Jamie Noble 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> How am I supposed to go to a doctor with no vehicle, no money to get one
>>> because I can't work and no place to recover because I can't afford a place
>>> to live.
>>>
>>> Is there anyway you can go ahead and settle without me having the
>>> surgery, because I really need to find a place first because as I said in
>>> the last email this cold damp basement is no place to be in normal
>>> circumstances much less after a surgery.  I don't mean to seem so
>>> uncooperative but this situation I'm in has gone on long enough.
>>>
>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 3:35 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> That was me. I am the case manager assigned for your file here. State
>>>> Farm accepts the liability so we just need to finish all your treatment
>>>> before we send out the demand. If you need surgery on your wrist you can go
>>>> to any medical provider you want and just provide your PIP claim
>>>> number ZPA003383132 for billing. Just keep us posted for the name and
>>>> location of the medical provider so we can add it on file.
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023 at 3:12?PM Jamie Noble 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> A message was at my dad's number with someone needing my social
>>>>> security number. It is 403-98-8447. I will work on getting a copy of my w-2
>>>>> they requested also and send it to you as soon as I get it.
>>>>>
>>>>>  In the future could you please just email me at above address.
>>>>> Because I am having a problem getting my messages and people opening my
>>>>> mail.  I will have an updated address for you in next few days.
>>>>>
>>>>> Can you please give me an idea what the status of this claim is.  I
>>>>> would like to have my surgery on my wrist but I can't do that without a
>>>>> proper place to recover and this basement is not it.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>  Thank you
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>  Jamie Noble
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, May 8, 2023, 2:47 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Jamie,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> This is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. You signed with us for your
>>>>>> accident on 12/11/2021. If you have any concerns or questions about your
>>>>>> case, feel free to contact me.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> All the best,
>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> All the best,
>> Jessa Galosmo
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 11:47:10

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  attempted to call client. no answer. need to know if he treated anywhere prior to what we have. All we have is records from a year after the MVA 
__Person Making Contact:__ Justin
__Date & Time__: June 19 2023

## 11:46:55

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:47:50

__New Fax Message from QUANTUM MEDICAL (606) 435-2966 on 06/19/2023 9:47 AM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2023 13:47:41 +0000 (UTC)





    




    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    QUANTUM MEDICAL (606) 435-2966
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Monday, June 19, 2023 at 9:47 AM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    4
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
