---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-10"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-10

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021/jamie-noble-mva-12-11-2021|Jamie Noble MVA 12/11/2021]]

## 16:23:44

__Fwd: 17-28G7-02Z - Noble__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 16:23:25 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS 
Date: Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 2:33?PM
Subject: 17-28G7-02Z - Noble
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


statefarm.com®

------------------------------





Please open the attachment(s) for more claim information or next steps.

For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information
such as Social Security Number, credit/debit card number (financial account
number), driver’s license number, or health/medical information in an
email. If you must send this type of information to State Farm, please
contact your claim associate to request a secure email channel.






------------------------------

Don't miss a call about your Auto claim from State Farm®!
Text AUTO to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
 it from your mobile device.



Don't miss a call about your Homeowners claim from State Farm®!

Text HOME to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
 it from your mobile device.








-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 15:19:09

Phase Change: Treatment

## 15:12:52

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:09:33

__Fwd: claim ZPA003383132 Jamie Noble__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamieNobleMVAZ3544470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 15:08:07 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Senovitz, Tracy 
Date: Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 1:23?PM
Subject: claim ZPA003383132 Jamie Noble
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


Jessa



I have attached the only billing that has been received/processed on this
claim.  Since the date of loss 12/11/2021, this is all that has come in.  I
have also tried requesting his wage information from his former employer,
but I haven’t received any response to date.



*Tracy Senovitz*

Grange Insurance / Integrity Insurance

Claims Casualty PIP Representative

PO Box 25197

Lehigh Valley, PA 18002

Phone  1-614-593-7409

Fax  1-614-593-8122

firstparty@grangeinsurance.com



medical providers:

email:  medicalprovider@grangeinsurance.com

phone:  800-686-0025 extension 7258






------------------------------

WARNING:
All information contained in, and/or attached to, this message is
privileged and/or confidential and is protected from disclosure. This email
may contain non-public information that includes, but it not limited to
personally identifiable information of a natural person. The unauthorized
access, use, modification, alteration, or disclosure of such non-public
information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, you are
hereby notified that any unauthorized dissemination, distribution or
copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. Please notify the
sender immediately if you have received this email in error, and delete it
from your computer.


------------------------------


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 10:07:40

Called Grange PIP adjuster to check if they have medical records of client, no answer left vm

## 10:02:51

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
