---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-27

**Case:** [[cases/christopher-napier-mva-8-22-2023/christopher-napier-mva-8-22-2023|Christopher Napier MVA 8/22/2023]]

## 11:21:38

Contact Christopher Patrick Napier at 606-629-9127 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 11:49:04

Hi Mr. Christopher, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment, and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply/send all the information here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 12:52:43

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to obtain info, but no answer, left message on the vm. Sent text message and email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 27 2023

## 12:52:29

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:53:47

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [noblek921@gmail.com](mailto:noblek921@gmail.com)
Date: Wed, 27 Sep 2023 11:51:28 -0400

Hi Mr. Napier,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report
information, if you know the name of the police department that came or
responded to the accident, as well as the report number. We also need a
list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the
front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply/send it here or
in the text message I sent, and it will automatically be saved on your
file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:50:53

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-09-27 15:45:12.088000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 6066299127 

Caller ID: 606-629-9127 

Caller Name: Christopher Patrick Napier 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18271858

## 11:21:52

__Phase Changed By:__ Justin
__Old Status:__ Potential New Client
__New Status:__ File Setup
 #status

## 11:21:36

Phase Change: File Set Up
