---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-13

**Case:** [[cases/laken-gilpin-mva-10-7-2020/laken-gilpin-mva-10-7-2020|Laken Gilpin MVA 10/7/2020]]

## 12:38:28

Recvd Notice from Nelson County Court - Probate Hearing 04/27/2022 1:30pm District Courtroom - Sending Notice & LPOA to Guardian - Guardian extremely difficult to get a response from

## 13:17:55

Mailed & Emailed Probate Hearing Notice & LPOA to Guardian Kacy Berry - Awaiting signed LPOA

## 13:14:48

__Re: Minor Settlement Documents for Laken Gilpin__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Kacy  [klieberry3@gmail.com](mailto:klieberry3@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 13 Apr 2022 13:12:39 -0400

Good afternoon Kacy,
   Our office has received notice from the Nelson County District Court -
Probate Division that a hearing will be held on April 27, 2022 at 1:30pm in
the Nelson County District Courtroom. It is IMPERATIVE that you attend this
appointment in order to finalize Laken's Settlement. Please review the
attached limited power of attorney and return a signed copy to our office
as soon as possible.  If you have any questions, please feel free
to contact us directly to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Mar 24, 2022 at 4:14 PM Kacy  wrote:

> I will get it in the mail asap sorry for the delay
>
> Sent from my iPhone
>
> On Mar 22, 2022, at 12:33 PM, Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
> ?
> Good afternoon Kacy,
>     Our office has been attempting to reach you in regard to the minor
> settlement documents that were sent to you on January 11, 2022. To date, we
> still have not received these documents back from you. We are unable to
> finalize Laken's settlement until these documents are returned to us.
> Please execute the required signatures and return the documents
> immediately.
>      Continued delay of these documents can result in the At Fault party
> forcing the settlement and requesting a new guardian/conservator other than
> you. We would hate to have Laken's funds tied up in an account with a
> Guardian Ad Litem. Please contact our office immediately to discuss moving
> the settlement forward.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
