---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-21

**Case:** [[cases/brianna-richie-mva-07-16-2022/brianna-richie-mva-07-16-2022|Brianna Richie MVA 07/16/2022]]

## 11:04:05

Recvd VM from BI Adjuster - Attempted to return her call - LVM - Advised that she is correct, Client was not listed on the PR - However there were a number of errors in the report - Advised Adj Heather Rutledge is listed as Driver but was not in the vehicle - Dejea is listed as the passenger, however she was the driver - Believe officer became confused after dealing with so many people and improperly listed the occupants of the vehicle - Advised we are awaiting a statement from Dejea confirming Brianna as the passenger and that we have photos of her injuries as well. #BIAdj

## 11:02:22

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-09-21 14:58:29.703000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 4805090072 

Caller ID: (480) 509-0072 

Caller Name: Delany Davis 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/7008525

## 11:01:22

__New Voice Message from (844) 292-8615 on 09/19/2022 5:17 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 21:17:27 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (844) 292-8615 
*Received:* Monday, September 19, 2022 at 5:17 PM 
*Length:* 00:52 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Delaney with state farm claims reaching out to you 
regarding this briana Richie. I got your voicemail here. My apologies. I 
was out of the office and I'm still playing catch up. So you know, how it 
goes. I'm just wanted to go over some details in regards to a miss rich, 
he's injuries. I believe she is one of the pedestrians that was involved in 
this accident, but the police report doesn't list her name. So just wanted 
to verify if that was the case my phone number 480-509-0072 and the claim 
number is excuse me, believe it was 1736 our for Robert 928 D for David 
look forward to hearing from you have a wonderful day bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
