---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-08

**Case:** [[cases/brianna-richie-mva-07-16-2022/brianna-richie-mva-07-16-2022|Brianna Richie MVA 07/16/2022]]

## 09:52:12

@aaronw Please review & advise - Client has prior incident 11/10/2021 - Client is not listed on the Police Report - There are 4 listed Potential Plaintiffs - Def was arrested for DUI - LMPD will not release cam footage due to criminal case

## 09:38:52

Still needing Police Report - Checked BuyCrash again - Report now available - Purchased - Saved to File - Client is not listed on Police Report #Investigation

## 09:38:13

Recvd VM from BI Adjuster Delany - VM transcription was not good - Call Adjuster - LVM #BI

## 09:31:47

__Fwd: New Voice Message from (844) 292-8615 on 09/07/2022 3:50 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 7 Sep 2022 15:55:36 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Sep 7, 2022 at 3:50 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from (844) 292-8615 on 09/07/2022 3:50 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (844) 292-8615
*Received:* Wednesday, September 07, 2022 at 3:50 PM
*Length:* 00:49
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Good afternoon. This is Delaney with state farm claims calling in regards
to your client. I should be up briana Richie for date of accident July 16th
2022. I received your letter of representation and wanted to verify miss
brianna's involvement in the accident. I wanted to double check and see. I
know the police were had listed to put that streams, but they didn't
provide the names so wanted to see if miss Brianna was one of those put
that streams my phone number for call back is going to be one, excuse me,
it's 480-509-0072 and the claim number to reference is 1736 our for Robert
928 D for David look forward to hearing from you have a wonderful day."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
