---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-17

**Case:** [[cases/darlicia-overton-mva-6-3-21/darlicia-overton-mva-6-3-21|Darlicia Overton MVA 6/3/21]]

## 17:13:31

__Fwd: New Voicemail from RUBY RECEPTION 15034456900__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessica Bottorff, [jchumbley.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:jchumbley.wlf@gmail.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [DarliciaOvertonMVAZ954624@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DarliciaOvertonMVAZ954624@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2022 16:13:16 -0500

Client went to UL. It's in the intake as well as 911 call. Please request
and upsate demand.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: 
Date: Mon, Jan 17, 2022 at 4:04 PM
Subject: New Voicemail from RUBY RECEPTION 15034456900
To: 




Hi Aaron Whaley (Ext. 309),
You have a new voicemail
RUBY RECEPTION (15034456900)
Yes hi Aaron this is Keith again with for Chicago insurance. So yeah I got
your message this is Alicia Overton and the other the reason for my call is
yes we do have the demand yes I know you MBI. It's all Chiropractic the cat
the problem is and I called a couple weeks ago and left a message at your
office is probably around the holidays but we have the police the 911 call
and she's calling she's from the house. She's at the hospital. There's no
hospital bills included and I was wondering did you want us to include that
consider(?) or do you have them. If you could submit that that kinda thing.
Otherwise I'm ready to submit my order request with management just on that
the chiropractic(?) and I didn't know how you want us to deal with that.
I'll try again I'll contact you later. Thanks bye.
Received at [309 - Aaron Whaley] on Monday, Jan 17 2022 04:03 PM (63
seconds)

Your voicemail is attached. To review the voicemail, launch Vonage Business
mobile or web app.
Open in App 

If you have any question, please visit our support site
.
Regards,
The Vonage Business Communications Team

This email was sent via vonage.com.23 Main St. Holmdel NJ, USA 07733 (c)
2020



-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 16:47:55

__Keith Wicklund - First Chicago Insurance - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
CC:  
Date: 17 Jan 2022 10:19:08 -0800

From Name: Keith Wicklund
From Number: 708-325-5195
From Company: First Chicago Insurance
Requesting update on Darlicia Overton

Actions: Please contact
To: Aaron Whaley	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/17/2022 01:16 PM
Caller ID: Warrior Invictus Holdin	7085524400
Ruby Receptionist: Michael B.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.
