---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-06

**Case:** [[cases/james-breeden-ii-mva-8-16-2019/james-breeden-ii-mva-8-16-2019|James Breeden II MVA 8/16/2019]]

## 13:38:05

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax  [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 6 Oct 2023 13:14:14 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 13:03:59

__Fwd: James Breeden, II v. Gary Marksbury__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 5 Oct 2023 14:10:36 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Payton Martin 
Date: Thu, Oct 5, 2023 at 1:26?PM
Subject: James Breeden, II v. Gary Marksbury
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC: Andrew Garverich 







PAYTON MARTIN

*Assistant to Andrew T. Garverich*

Coleman Lochmiller & Bond

(270) 737-0600 (p) | (270) 737-0488 (f)

*_________________________*



P.O. Box 1177 | 2907 Ring Road


Elizabethtown, Kentucky 42702-1177




CONFIDENTIAL ATTORNEY CLIENT PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION

The information contained in this message, and any and all accompanying
documents constitutes confidential information.  This information is the
property of COLEMAN LOCHMILLER & BOND.  If you are not the intended
recipient of this information, any disclosure, copying, distribution, or
the taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly
prohibited.  If you receive this message in error, please notify us
immediately at the above number to make arrangements for its return to us.
Thank you.
