---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-03

**Case:** [[cases/james-breeden-ii-mva-8-16-2019/james-breeden-ii-mva-8-16-2019|James Breeden II MVA 8/16/2019]]

## 16:10:45

__Fwd: Transcript Files | James Breeden, II__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [jamesbreedeniiz2004606@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamesbreedeniiz2004606@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) James Breeden II, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Date: Wed, 3 Jan 2024 15:10:13 -0500

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022



---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Transcript Delivery 
Date: Wed, Jan 3, 2024 at 2:01?PM
Subject: Transcript Files | James Breeden, II
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 



*Please find attached transcript files.  The exhibit files are attached
within the PDF files. *



 *  To access the exhibits:*


   - Open the PDF transcript file (full or cond.)
                     - Press F4 on your keyboard, to open side-left toolbar
                     - Click the paperclip icon, to open the attachments
                     section
                     - All attached exhibits can be found here!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can now access your files 24/7 from our NEW online repository at:*
https://kentuckiana.reporterbase.com/contact
*


Username: brycekoon

Password: koon123


Job Reference #: 90906

*REPOSITORY INSTRUCTIONS:*

   1. Log in using your unique username and password.
   2. Click on the REPOSITORY tab at the top of the page.
   3.  On the left side of the screen you will see a blank witness field.
   Type the witness first or last name and click the SEARCH tool or hit
   ENTER.
   4. All related transcript files will then appear on the screen to the
   right.



Thank you!!



*Kentuckiana Court Reporters / Kentucky Court Reporters*

Phone: (502) 589-2273 <(502)-589-2273>

Email: transcript_delivery@kentuckianareporters.com


Address: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202


Address: 175 East Main Street, Suite 105
,
Lexington, KY 40507

[image: facebook] 

[image: facebook] 

Kentuckiana Court Reporters  | Kentucky
Court Reporters  | Online Remote
Deposition Guide  |

? Schedule your next deposition today!
