---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-12

**Case:** [[cases/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022|Ricky Akers MVA 05/23/2022]]

## 14:36:18

Called Adj Renfro - LVM - Advised looking for a specific time to complete RS tomorrow - Client advised he can go to his neighbors house for RS #BIAdj #RS

## 15:10:27

Fax to Kentucky Farm Bureau (502) 495-7646 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 14:45:31

Review of Police Report shows PIP as KFB - Do not see LOR to KFB - Sending LOR #PIP

## 09:37:07

__Telephone statement__
From: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ricky Akers  [ricky.akers@gmail.com](mailto:ricky.akers@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2022 09:34:17 -0400

Ricky I need to set up a telephone statement for you with the insurance
adjuster - on the facts of the accident -  I know you do not have access to
a phone - but if I can let you know in advance - when this may be
scheduled....could you go to a location nearby that you would be able to
receive a call (one of our staff members will be on the call with you).
This will take approx 30 mins or less. Thanks

Faye Gaither, Client Liaison
WHALEY LAW FIRM
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
(502) 583-4022

## 09:34:54

mail to client: Ricky I need to set up a telephone statement for you with the insurance adjuster - on the facts of the accident -  I know you do not have access to a phone - but if I can let you know in advance - when this may be scheduled....could you go to a location nearby that you would be able to receive a call (one of our staff members will be on the call with you). This will take approx 30 mins or less. Thanks #cc

## 09:21:19

Megan - this is Faye from Whaley Law Firm -Are you the adjuster that requested a telephone recorded statement with Mr Akers?  Can I get a couple of dates/time from you that will work for your schedule

Mr Akers does not have phone capability in the area he lives - only email. If I can provide him with a date and time to expect the call  - I wanted to see if the client could go to a location to receive it. Please advise. Thanks

Faye Gaither, Client Liaison #cc
