---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-11

**Case:** [[cases/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022|Ricky Akers MVA 05/23/2022]]

## 14:16:39

Recvd CourtNet Notice - BK Filed Motion to Amend - Set Motion Hour 1pm 10/26 - Greenup is 3.0 to 3.5 hours aways - Added Travel Time to Calendar #Lit #MotionToAmend

## 14:09:15

__NCP (for eFiler) GREENUP 23-CI-00254, AKERS, RICKY VS. LAUDERDALE, BRUCE ET AL                     Envelope # 6713831__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Bryce@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 11 Oct 2023 10:48:56 -0400

 Notification of Court Processing

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: October 11, 2023 at 10:47AM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: GREENUP (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: AKERS, RICKY VS. LAUDERDALE, BRUCE ET AL 

Case Number: 23-CI-00254

Envelope Number: 6713831

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Sennett, Thomas Scott - ssennett@campbellwoods.com

Scheduled Event:
MOTION HOUR scheduled for 10/26/2023 at 1:00 PM ET in room COURTROOM 1 with 
HON. BRIAN C. MCCLOUD

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO AMEND
EXHIBIT
EXHIBIT
TENDERED DOCUMENT

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=6713831

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=9FC1FF04-461C-42D1-AACF-0FDB020DA953

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 14:09:05

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  BK Sent EMail to Client with detailed update 
__Person Making Contact:__ Bryce
__Date & Time__: October 10 2023

## 14:08:48

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
