---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-10

**Case:** [[cases/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022/ricky-akers-mva-05-23-2022|Ricky Akers MVA 05/23/2022]]

## 13:50:33

__RE: Discovery Request - Follow up__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ricky.akers@gmail.com](mailto:ricky.akers@gmail.com) Ricky Akers
Date: Tue, 10 Oct 2023 13:50:26 -0400

Hey Ricky, 

 

Just tried to call but was unable to reach you. As you know, there are multiple parties to your claim. Currently, both opposing parties (Rhoden and Lauderdale) are going back and forth about some discovery issues and we are essentially waiting to see what comes of that. We have also issued some discovery to Ms. Rhoden and should be expecting those back shortly. 

 

The defense attorney for Mr. Lauderdale has reached out in an effort to settle the claim for ?his half? of the value. While I believe in always being open to negotiation, I do not believe we should discuss until we have the other defendant agreeing to cover their half. 

 

As it stands, we are waiting for discovery responses from Ms. Rhoden and are waiting to see what comes of the discovery argument between the other defendants. Please give me a call if you wish to discuss further. 

 

 

 

Thanks, 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 



This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it. 

 

From: Ricky AkersSent: Tuesday, October 10, 2023 1:35 PMTo: Bryce KoonSubject: Re: Discovery Request - Follow up

 

Any new updates? It has been a while since I last heard from you. 

Thank you,

Ricky Akers

 

On Sun, Oct 1, 2023 at 9:22?AM Ricky Akers  wrote:

Any new updates? It has been a while since I last heard from you. 

Thank you,

Ricky Akers

 

On Mon, Aug 14, 2023 at 9:03?PM Ricky Akers  wrote:

I would guess over 2 years. 

 

On Mon, Aug 14, 2023 at 12:58?PM Bryce Koon  wrote:

If you could guess, how long do you think you?ve been on Medicaid?

 

 

 

From: Ricky AkersSent: Monday, August 14, 2023 12:32 PMTo: Bryce KoonSubject: Re: Discovery Request - Follow up

 

1.       Please describe in as much detail as possible how the accident occurred. Rhonda Rhoden and I were coming back from the grocery store.(Lost almost $200 worth of groceries.)                     We were traveling on 3307 in Greenup. (Known as Whetstone Rd.)                     Rhonda Rhoden was driving.                      The other car driven by Bruce Lauderdale was coming the opposite direction on the wrong side of the road.                      Rhonda was over as far as she could get without hitting the embankment.  Rhonda was blowing her horn trying to get Bruce Lauderdale's attention but he hit us head on anyway.We hit with so much force that it popped both our seat belts off. I blacked out for a moment as Rhonda did too.                       It appeared to me that Bruce Lauderdale was looking down at his cell phone when the accident occurred. 2. What is the highest grade of schooling you completed? High School Graduate. 3. When did you enroll for Medicaid?I am not sure of the date.4. Have you ever been party to a lawsuit? No.5. (When, where, for what)Have you ever been convicted of a felony?No. 6. (when, where, what)Have you ever been involved in another car accident other than this one? If so, please describeNo.7. Where do/did you pick up your prescriptions? CVS in Flatwoods, Ky.8. Do you have a family / primary care doc?Yes. Lisa Davis, MSN, APRN

 

On Mon, Aug 14, 2023 at 12:09?PM Bryce Koon  wrote:

Hey Ricky, thank you very much for those answers. After looking through the other set, it appears there are a couple more questions I need answered when you can. 

 

1.      Please describe in as much detail as possible how the accident occurred.

2.      What is the highest grade of schooling you completed?

3.      When did you enroll for Medicaid?

4.      Have you ever been party to a lawsuit? (When, where, for what)

5.      Have you ever been convicted of a felony? (when, where, what)

6.      Have you ever been involved in another car accident other than this one? If so, please describe

7.      Where do/did you pick up your prescriptions?

8.      Do you have a family / primary care doc?

 

 

Thank you!

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 



This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it. 

 

From: Bryce KoonSent: Friday, August 11, 2023 3:35 PMTo: Ricky AkersSubject: RE: Discovery Request - Follow up

 

Here you go. These are two separate sets, but they should have just about the same questions. Try and answer them both as best you can. You can print them out and write on them, or put your answers in another document, however you want to do it. 

 

Like I said, you likely wont have the answer to some of the questions ? just leave them blank. 

Just do your best and if I have any questions when I get them back, I will give you a holler. 

 

 

Thank you, 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 



This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it. 

 

From: Ricky AkersSent: Friday, August 11, 2023 3:14 PMTo: Bryce KoonSubject: Re: Discovery Request - Follow up

 



Or you can email it here 

ricky.akers@gmail.com

 

 

On Fri, Aug 11, 2023 at 3:11?PM Ricky Akers  wrote:

I have not received anything yet.

 

Ricky Akers 

1468 State route 1

Greenup, Ky

41144

 

Send to the address above please. 

Thank you,

Ricky

 

 

On Fri, Aug 11, 2023 at 2:29?PM Bryce Koon  wrote:

Good afternoon Ricky, 

 

A while back our office emailed you over a couple of sets of questions provided by the defense in your case. Have you had a chance to review and answer those? 

I understand you may not have all of the answers, and that is okay. Please just answer to the best of your ability. 

 

If you need me to resend them, please let me know and I will be happy to do so. 

 

Thanks, 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207

 

This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not inten

## 13:50:30

A call from Bryce  Koon was logged at 2023-10-10 17:44:56.274000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 6062408773 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(606) 240-8773, Personal Mobile:(606) 240-8773 

Caller Name: Ricky Akers 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/5615083
