---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-23

**Case:** [[cases/laken-gilpin-mva-10-7-2020/laken-gilpin-mva-10-7-2020|Laken Gilpin MVA 10/7/2020]]

## 09:12:25

__Re: Minor Settlement Documents for Laken Gilpin__
From: Kacy  [klieberry3@gmail.com](mailto:klieberry3@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 15:42:28 -0400

The bank says they need all the documents about the settlement and for you all to email them to the bank. We are setting up a account now. But needs the papers to finish. Here is her info
Sue Rogers
Assistant bank manger 
srogers@mylnb.com 


Sent from my iPhone

> On Jun 21, 2022, at 3:16 PM, Kacy  wrote:
> ?Lakens ss card just came in the mail today, I can start her bank account as soon as tomo 
> 
> Sent from my iPhone
> 
>>> On Apr 19, 2022, at 4:10 PM, Kacy  wrote:
>> ?I’m send the letter back signed, also does laken need to be at this court date 
>> 
>> Sent from my iPhone
>> 
>>>> On Apr 13, 2022, at 4:10 PM, Kacy  wrote:
>>> ?Do we have court April 27th in Bardstown??
>>> 
>>> Sent from my iPhone
>>> 
>>>>> On Mar 24, 2022, at 4:14 PM, Kacy  wrote:
>>>> ?I will get it in the mail asap sorry for the delay 
>>>> 
>>>> Sent from my iPhone
>>>> 
>>>>>> On Mar 22, 2022, at 12:33 PM, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:
>>>>> ?
>>>>> Good afternoon Kacy,
>>>>>     Our office has been attempting to reach you in regard to the minor settlement documents that were sent to you on January 11, 2022. To date, we still have not received these documents back from you. We are unable to finalize Laken's settlement until these documents are returned to us. Please execute the required signatures and return the documents immediately. 
>>>>>      Continued delay of these documents can result in the At Fault party forcing the settlement and requesting a new guardian/conservator other than you. We would hate to have Laken's funds tied up in an account with a Guardian Ad Litem. Please contact our office immediately to discuss moving the settlement forward. 
>>>>> 
>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
