---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-10

**Case:** [[cases/timothy-dickerson-mva-8-14-21/timothy-dickerson-mva-8-14-21|Timothy Dickerson MVA 8/14/21]]

## 03:22:41

Demand Ack Received?

## 11:32:14

DOP SENT

## 11:24:56

__Re: FW: [EXTERNAL] Re: FW: 21-2711394 TIMOTHY DICKERSON__
From: Cameron Smith [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ALYSSA_GALLAGHER@progressive.com](mailto:ALYSSA_GALLAGHER@progressive.com)
Cc: [TimothyDickersonMVAZ954784@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:TimothyDickersonMVAZ954784@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 10 Feb 2022 10:24:35 -0500

let me know if you need anything else!

On Wed, Feb 9, 2022 at 12:59 PM Alyssa Gallagher <
ALYSSA_GALLAGHER@progressive.com> wrote:

> I have now confirmed that both the EMS and physicians bill are still
> outstanding for our insured. I have not called on the UMC ER facility bill
> yet. Is there a reason you are keeping the benefits reserved for this
> patient if he is in fact done treating? Please provide a status.
>
>
>
> Thanks
>
>
>
> *From:* Alyssa Gallagher
> *Sent:* Wednesday, January 12, 2022 1:14 PM
> *To:* 'Cameron Smith' 
> *Subject:* FW: [EXTERNAL] Re: FW: 21-2711394 TIMOTHY DICKERSON
>
>
>
> Do you have an update on this one?
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
> *From:* Alyssa Gallagher
> *Sent:* Wednesday, December 15, 2021 2:14 PM
> *To:* Cameron Smith 
> *Subject:* RE: [EXTERNAL] Re: FW: 21-2711394 TIMOTHY DICKERSON
>
>
>
> Sorry here is the correct log. Please respond regarding my previous email.
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Cameron Smith 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, December 15, 2021 2:10 PM
> *To:* Alyssa Gallagher 
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] Re: FW: 21-2711394 TIMOTHY DICKERSON
>
>
>
> that anderson logs is not our client also we was needing the log from our
> client timothy dickerson
>
>
>
> On Wed, Dec 15, 2021 at 1:53 PM Alyssa Gallagher <
> ALYSSA_GALLAGHER@progressive.com> wrote:
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> I am following up per my email below. I have confirmed the EMS bill at
> least is still outstanding. I have not been able to confirm yet regarding
> the ER and physician bill. Please advise if we are okay to pay the EMS bill
> as well as the ER/phys bill if they are still outstanding.  Please let me
> know ASAP so we can get this one resolved.
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
> *From:* Alyssa Gallagher
> *Sent:* Wednesday, November 17, 2021 2:05 PM
> *To:* CSMITH.WLF@GMAIL.COM
> *Subject:* 21-2711394 TIMOTHY DICKERSON
>
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> Attached is the PIP log for the above client. I have paid the bills to
> Anointed hands and according to them his last DOS was 9/1.  I have received
> the ER, Phys, and EMS bill from the DOL. Are these outstanding/ would you
> like me to pay these as well to close out his PIP?
>
>
>
> Please let me know as soon as possible as I’ve been attempting to confirm
> this for a couple of months now.
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
> Alyssa Gallagher
>
> PIP Adjuster
>
> PO Box 2930
>
> Clinton, IA 52733-2930
>
> Office: 502.909.3654 / Fax 877-213-7258 / Email:
> Alyssa_Gallagher@progressive.com
>
> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:* This e-mail message, including any attachments,
> is
> for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential
> and privileged information or may otherwise be protected by law. Any
> unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you
> are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail
> and destroy all copies of the original message and any attachment thereto
>
>
>
>
>
>
> --
>
>        Cameron Smith
>
>      CSmith.wlf@gmail.com
>
>      Whaley Law Firm
>
>         502-583-4022
>
