---
case_slug: sariya-mason
created_at: 2026-02-17 00:20:17.494000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2024-09-23
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2022-08-19-DB-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Sariya-Mason-DB-08-19-2022/Correspondence/noticeofentryjeffersoncircuit23-ci-006039thomassch3.eml
source_hash: sha256:ab184e7ab15ba8b0f998cba72dd989d4946e895cf2d73ad9d4ef2343fe00a7dd
---

**Case:** [[cases/sariya-mason/sariya-mason|Sariya Mason]]
**Client:** [[cases/sariya-mason/contacts/sariya-mason|Sariya Mason]]

Subject: NOTICE OF ENTRY  JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-006039, THOMAS, SCHRICE ET AL VS. CASTILLO, YANELYS ET AL Envelope # 8880262
From: [EMAIL-6]
To: [EMAIL-5], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-4]
Date: 2024-09-23T15:56:54-04:00
Order(s) have been entered in the above styled case.

Electronic transmission of this notice constitutes service in accordance with CR 77.04.

Date and Time Processed: September 23, 2024 at 3:56PM Eastern

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: THOMAS, SCHRICE ET AL VS. CASTILLO, YANELYS ET AL

Case Number: 23-CI-006039

Envelope Number: 8880262

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Tucker, Deanna Marie - [EMAIL-5]
Londergan, Matthew R - [EMAIL-6]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ORDER TO COMPEL

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=9BA07571-8FD0-4DC8-8A60-71832B1BA093

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
