---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-30

**Case:** [[cases/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020|Nadine Robinson Premise 12/19/2020]]

## 15:31:22

Returned Client phone call:
 Client frustrated with length of litigation - Advised Lit is a lengthy process - Client wants to move 'back home' - Advised she is welcome too but it will be sometime before she receives any settlement funds - Readdressed fact Defendant admitted to No Insurance on the Property & a Collection Process will have to take place IF a judgement is awarded - Client expressed understanding & requested a F2F meeting - Scheduled for 2pm Thursday Jan 5, 2023 #cc #F2F

## 15:30:01

__Urgent Voice Message from ROBERT ARMSTRON (502) 915-9273 on 12/30/2022 12:53 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 30 Dec 2022 17:53:37 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ROBERT ARMSTRON (502) 915-9273 
*Received:* Friday, December 30, 2022 at 12:53 PM 
*Length:* 00:25 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" This is nettie. It's just getting ridiculous. I've left multiple messages 
and nobody called me back. I'm on cell I'd like a phone call today my phone 
number is 50296566854502915973 I'm driving up there. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
