---
schema_version: 2
date: "2025-03-25"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2025-03-25

**Case:** [[cases/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020/nadine-robinson-premise-12-19-2020|Nadine Robinson Premise 12/19/2020]]

## 11:24:08

__Urgent Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 965-6685 on 03/24/2025 12:35 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 24 Mar 2025 16:36:15 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 965-6685 
*Received:* Monday, March 24, 2025 at 12:35 PM 
*Length:* 00:30 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, Nadine here, my name is for Jesse Robinson. Hey, I am trying 
to get a hold of Bryce and Aaron. You can find out what is going on with my 
case. Because I was just in a serious car accident on the 19th. A lady had 
no breaks piled right into me. Keep bowing me, hit me. So hard put me into 
a utility pull. I am messed up big time. And you give me call it 502 
9656685. Again, this is Nadine. Thank you, bye bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
[image: Save time with automated call notes using the RingCentral app. 
Learn More]  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2025 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
