---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-22

**Case:** [[cases/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023/danny-helton-mva-02-08-2023|Danny Helton MVA 02/08/2023]]

## 17:06:38

According to other party there was only ne person in the car but Mr. Helton said he even spoke with one of the officers during the accident. Asked if he has pictures or any proof he was with the car, none. Might be needing to req the body camera from police dept.

## 17:04:45

According to other party there was only ne person in the car but Mr. Helton said he even spoke with one of the officers during the accident. Asked if he has pictures or any proof he was with the car, none. Might be needing to req the body camera from police dept. #

## 15:25:39

__Re: KFB Claim 04800146__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Ashli.Ray@kyfb.com](mailto:Ashli.Ray@kyfb.com) Ray, Ashli
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2023 14:25:22 -0500

Hi Ashli,

Thanks for responding. Of course, let us know the result of your
investigation. Danny Helton's address is 63 Davis Lane, Evarts KY 40828 and
DOB 06/29/1958.

Thanks.

All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363


On Wed, Feb 22, 2023 at 1:56 PM Ray, Ashli  wrote:

> Good Afternoon Jessa,
>
>
>
> I am still investigating this, but the police report doesn’t have your
> client’s information on it. In order to add him to the claim I need his
> address and date of birth. My insured also stated that the report is
> inaccurate, and that there were several other vehicles involved in this
> loss- he is going to try and get the police report amended. He also texted
> me photos of both vehicles and illustrated previous damage to the rear
> bumper of your client’s vehicle. He admitted to my Insured that he was in
> another accident the week before where someone rear-ended his vehicle and
> told my Insured that he didn’t cause any new damage to his bumper. All of
> this will be investigated as well. Thank you.
>
>
>
> *Ashli**?**?**?**?** Ray*
>
> *, SCLA, AINS*
>
>  | Regional Claim Adjuster
>
> Kentucky Farm Bureau Insurance | State Office
>
> 1301 Gardiner Lane, Louisville, KY 40213
>
> *Send mail to: *
>
> 9201 Bunsen Parkway, Louisville, KY 40220
>
> *Office:* (502) 456-1664 <(502)%20456-1664>
>
> |
>
> *Cell:* (502) 718-2165 <(502)%20718-2165>
>
> |
>
> *Fax:* (502) 456-8236
>
> kyfb.com | Member login 
>
>
>

## 12:37:15

__Fwd: Claim number-04800146__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ashli.ray@kyfb.com](mailto:ashli.ray@kyfb.com)
Date: Wed, 22 Feb 2023 11:36:56 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jessa Galosmo 
Date: Tue, Feb 21, 2023 at 9:01 AM
Subject: Claim number-04800146
To: 


Hi,

Attached is a letter of representation and copy of the police report.
Please acknowledge receipt.

Thanks.

Regards,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
