---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-03

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 15:47:07

Recvd VM from Mother, Jessica - Called Guardian back - She is having nightmares & migraines since Mason's incident - She is wanting to see a psychologist - She has called her PHI for a referral and has an appointment w/PCP on 10/05/2022 - Advised that since most of our client's do not have mental injury we are not a good referral source for her and that it sounds like she has already taken the steps I would recommend - Discussed her depression & nightmares a bit - She would like to know if she is able to make a claim as well for mental stress - Advised I would have to send over to AW #cc

## 15:33:23

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 977-2031 on 09/28/2022 12:58 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 28 Sep 2022 16:58:47 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 977-2031 
*Received:* Wednesday, September 28, 2022 at 12:58 PM 
*Length:* 00:13 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey Serena, this is Jessica Moore see if you could just give me a call 
back at my phone number is 502-977-2031. Thank you so much." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
