---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-26

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 11:38:34

Attempted to Call Guardian for updated injury photos & custody paperwork we discussed on 07/13/2022

## 11:39:21

Good morning Jessica, This is The Whaley Law Firm, we spoke recently about obtaining updated photos of Mason's injuries as well as the custody paper for Mason. To date we have not received either. Please forward the requested information as soon as possible. The Adjuster can not make any offers until she receives the updated photos and we will need to custody paper in order to get the settlement approved by the Probate Court.

## 11:39:07

Good morning Jessica, This is The Whaley Law Firm, we spoke recently about obtaining updated photos of Mason's injuries as well as the custody paper for Mason. To date we have not received either. Please forward the requested information as soon as possible. The Adjuster can not make any offers until she receives the updated photos and we will need to custody paper in order to get the settlement approved by the Probate Court.

## 11:36:20

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-07-26 15:34:02.598000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5023028786 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:502-977-2031, Personal Mobile:502-977-2031 

Caller Name: Jessica Morsey 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2443730

## 11:35:54

Recvd Adj VM requesting Updated Scar Photos again - Still not received from Guardian - Called Guardian - LVM #BI #cc

## 11:34:35

__New Voice Message from AMERICAN NATION (417) 227-5520 on 07/26/2022 11:04 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 26 Jul 2022 15:04:47 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* AMERICAN NATION (417) 227-5520 
*Received:* Tuesday, July 26, 2022 at 11:04 AM 
*Length:* 00:45 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, my name is Sarah I work with American national insurance. I'm 
calling in regards to your demand for Mason mortgage. I'm just kind of in 
that position. I don't feel I can give a proper evaluation without current 
scarring photos and what it looks like president day 30 days would be 
August third, so I obviously want to get a response out to you but I just 
feel like I can't properly evaluate without updated injury photos give me a 
call back to discuss the 800-333-2861 at extension 2371. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
