---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-05

**Case:** [[cases/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021/mason-morsey-db-12-10-2021|Mason Morsey DB 12/10/2021]]

## 16:49:49

Recvd Jeff Probate VM from AW - Returned Call - Guardian needs to sign Fiduciary Bond - Can simply Print, have executed & refile - Sent to Guardian via DocuSign - Awaiting Return for Filing #Lit #Probate

## 16:45:42

__Fwd: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 02/05/2024 3:32 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 5 Feb 2024 15:34:57 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Feb 5, 2024 at 3:33?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 02/05/2024
3:32 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
*Received:* Monday, February 05, 2024 at 3:32 PM
*Length:* 00:55
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, Mr. Aaron, I was calling this is Tish with the Jefferson County
Probate Office. I was calling to let you know that you notice the filing of
the file and annuity that was sufficient. Judge King said it was sufficient
and we deleted the date for that, but I do want to let you know that the
bond was Never signed for this guardianship. So we have just been holding
on to the the guardianship orders. So if Michael Johnson or you with the P
A can sign that then we can get you the guardianship orders. Again, this is
t with the Jeff Scan probate office. Just give us a call or come down and
we can get you these orders. You have a great day. Thank you for."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.comnd the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
