---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-20

**Case:** [[cases/jamel-mitchell-mva-05-11-22/jamel-mitchell-mva-05-11-22|Jamel Mitchell MVA 05/11/22]]

## 11:09:02

__SLT72508 Jamal Mitchell__
From: Misty Burnett  [misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com](mailto:misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Dec 2022 16:35:56 +0000

Hello,

Please find the attached letter regarding Jamal Mitchell's settlement.

Thank you.

Misty Burnett
Senior Claims Adjuster- Casualty
Phone: (405) 782-4807
Fax: 877-596-4622
Email: misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com
Farmers Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Company


Email communications are preferred and should be sent to misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com. If hard copies of communications are required, they should be sent to our National Document Center at P.O. Box 6040 - Claims, Scranton, PA 18505



Confidential

----------------------------------------------------------------------
*****  PLEASE NOTE *****  This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above.  If you are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any accompanying documents.  Thank you.*****

## 14:41:09

Recvd BI Adj 1st Offer of $7,494.00 - Does not even cover medical expenses - Countering at $30,000.00 (Original Demand $52k) - Meds over $11k #BIAdj #Negotiations

## 16:17:04

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-12-20 20:13:07.709000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5026198858 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 619-8858, Personal Mobile:(502) 619-8858 

Caller Name: Jamel Mitchell 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/5107636

## 15:41:43

__Re: SLT72508 Jamal Mitchell__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Misty Burnett  [misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com](mailto:misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2022 14:40:53 -0500

Good afternoon Misty,
    After a deeper review of the file, unfortunately, your offer does not
even cover the medical expenses suffered by Mr. Mitchell. At this time, we
are willing to lower our demand to $30,000.00 in hopes of coming to an
amicable resolution prior to the holidays. Please consider this offer for a
full and final resolution exclusive of any subrogation liens.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Dec 20, 2022 at 10:11 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Received, thank you.
> I will discuss this offer with Aaron & Jamel and get back to you as soon
> as I can.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Dec 19, 2022 at 11:36 AM Misty Burnett <
> misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com> wrote:
>
>> Hello,
>>
>>
>>
>> Please find the attached letter regarding Jamal Mitchell’s settlement.
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you.
>>
>>
>>
>> Misty Burnett
>>
>> *Senior Claims Adjuster- Casualty*
>>
>> Phone: (405) 782-4807
>>
>> Fax: 877-596-4622
>>
>> Email: misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com
>>
>> Farmers Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Company
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *Email communications are preferred and should be sent to
>> misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com . If
>> hard copies of communications are required, they should be sent to our
>> National Document Center at P.O. Box 6040 – Claims, Scranton, PA 18505*
>>
>>
>>
>> Confidential
>> ------------------------------
>> ***** PLEASE NOTE ***** This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents
>> accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential
>> information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above. If you
>> are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any
>> use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of
>> this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in
>> legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error
>> in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any
>> accompanying documents. Thank you.*****
>>
>

## 14:36:25

__New Voice Message from Farmers Claims (405) 782-4807 on 12/19/2022 11:28 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Dec 2022 16:29:12 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Farmers Claims (405) 782-4807 
*Received:* Monday, December 19, 2022 at 11:28 AM 
*Length:* 01:01 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Yes, my name is Misty Burnett. I'm with farmers insurance. I was calling 
on your client jamal Mitchell. I've had a chance to complete the evaluation 
on it. I went back through all the bills and records everything that was 
sent and we're going to make an offer on it of $7,494 exclusive left hip 
again 7000 for 90 for exclusive of Pip and I'll send it over in writing to 
you if you got I know that you had said that they were investigating 
coverage with the Pip carrier. If you found out that they are not going to 
be Pip coverage on this motorcycle. Just let me know, but right now like I 
said we are doing everything that goes to the pips again 7000 for 90 for 
exclusive a pet. I'll send it over in writing. If you guys can give me a 
call back once you've had an opportunity to discuss it with a client. I can 
be reached at 405-782-4807 again 405-782-4807. Thank you so much. Have a 
great day. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 11:11:25

__Re: SLT72508 Jamal Mitchell__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Misty Burnett  [misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com](mailto:misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 20 Dec 2022 10:11:05 -0500

Received, thank you.
I will discuss this offer with Aaron & Jamel and get back to you as soon as
I can.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Dec 19, 2022 at 11:36 AM Misty Burnett <
misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com> wrote:

> Hello,
>
>
>
> Please find the attached letter regarding Jamal Mitchell’s settlement.
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
> Misty Burnett
>
> *Senior Claims Adjuster- Casualty*
>
> Phone: (405) 782-4807
>
> Fax: 877-596-4622
>
> Email: misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com
>
> Farmers Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Company
>
>
>
>
>
> *Email communications are preferred and should be sent to
> misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com . If
> hard copies of communications are required, they should be sent to our
> National Document Center at P.O. Box 6040 – Claims, Scranton, PA 18505*
>
>
>
> Confidential
> ------------------------------
> ***** PLEASE NOTE ***** This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents
> accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential
> information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above. If you
> are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any
> use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of
> this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in
> legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error
> in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any
> accompanying documents. Thank you.*****
>
