---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-06

**Case:** [[cases/jamel-mitchell-mva-05-11-22/jamel-mitchell-mva-05-11-22|Jamel Mitchell MVA 05/11/22]]

## 17:07:39

__Re: SLT72508 Jamal Mitchell__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Misty Burnett  [misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com](mailto:misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 6 Dec 2022 14:50:16 -0500

Good afternoon Misty,
   Thank you for reaching out. We did receive the documents and the lien
information. I will follow up with the attorney and see if he would like to
proceed with negotiations and update you as soon as I have more
information.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Dec 6, 2022 at 2:32 PM Misty Burnett <
misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com> wrote:

> Hello,
>
>
>
> I’m following up on the claim for Jamal Mitchell. I emailed a copy of a
> child support lien that we had received for him as well as copies of the
> bills and records that we have on file for him. I am not sure however I am
> not sure which emails with the medical bills and records went thru to you.
> Could you confirm if you received them from me or what you may be needing
> for your demand? Did you receive the child support and prior attorney lien?
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
> Misty Burnett
>
> *Senior Claims Adjuster- Casualty*
>
> Phone: (405) 782-4807
>
> Fax: 877-596-4622
>
> Email: misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com
>
> Farmers Direct Property and Casualty Insurance Company
>
>
>
>
>
> *Email communications are preferred and should be sent to
> misty.burnett@farmersinsurance.com . If
> hard copies of communications are required, they should be sent to our
> National Document Center at P.O. Box 6040 – Claims, Scranton, PA 18505*
>
>
>
> Confidential
> ------------------------------
> ***** PLEASE NOTE ***** This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents
> accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential
> information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above. If you
> are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any
> use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of
> this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in
> legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error
> in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any
> accompanying documents. Thank you.*****
>

## 17:05:04

Drafted Demand Package - Sent to BI Adjuster Bennett - Awaiting Response #BIAdj #Demand #Negoitations

## 16:06:34

Rice & Gumm EUO (Allstate) Fri Jan 13th - 1pm 451 Baxter Ave Suite 201, Louisville 40204 - confirming with client #cc
