---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-12

**Case:** [[cases/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020|David Carter MVA 7/8/2020]]

## 10:45:15

Recvd New Motion Hour Link - 09/13/2023 9a (10a our time) - DC Motion to Set Trial Date

https://kycourts-net.zoom.us/j/2599237354?pwd=QzM0c0lIV1FPT0pQWk1zZTdrWjEvZz09


MEETING ID: 2599237354 
PASSWORD: QmT670

## 10:39:47

__New event: JUDGE SELF - CHRISTIAN CIRCUIT CIVIL 9 A.M. CT @ Wed Sep 13, 2023 10am - 12pm (EDT) (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)__
From: "McIntyre, Donna (Google Calendar)"  [calendar-notification@google.com](mailto:calendar-notification@google.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Mon, 11 Sep 2023 19:37:21 +0000

JUDGE SELF - CHRISTIAN CIRCUIT CIVIL 9 A.M. CT
Wednesday Sep 13, 2023 · 10am – 12pm
Eastern Time - New York



ZOOM INFORMATION:



MEETING ID:  2599237354   PASSWORD:  QmT670  
https://kycourts-net.zoom.us/j/2599237354?pwd=QzM0c0lIV1FPT0pQWk1zZTdrWjEvZz09


Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may  
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary  
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized  
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read,  
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward  
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the  
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the  
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment.  
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable  
legal privilege.




Organizer
McIntyre, Donna
donnamcintyre@kycourts.net

Guests
McIntyre, Donna - organizer
agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - creator
Davis Hunter
mgray@dkgnlaw.com
View all guest info  
https://calendar.google.com/calendar/r?eid=XzYwcTMwYzFnNjBvMzBlMWk2MG80YWMxZzYwcmo4Z3BsODhyajJjMWg4NHMzNGg5ZzYwczMwYzFnNjBvMzBjMWc3MG8zaWNoaDg0bzRjYzlrODkxNDhlOWc2NG8zMGMxZzYwbzMwYzFnNjBvMzBjMWc2MG8zMmMxZzYwbzMwYzFnNmtzamVoaGg4a3AzY2NhMzhncWo2ZHBrNmwwamFjMjU4aDBrNGQxaDZkMzQyZDFuNm9zZyBhZ3doYWxleUB3aGFsZXlsYXdmaXJtLmNvbQ&es=1

~~//~~
Invitation from Google Calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/

You are receiving this email because you are an attendee on the event. To  
stop receiving future updates for this event, decline this event.

Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to send a response to  
the organizer, be added to the guest list, invite others regardless of  
their own invitation status, or modify your RSVP.

Learn more https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding
