---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-22

**Case:** [[cases/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020|David Carter MVA 7/8/2020]]

## 17:42:39

Good afternoon David,
    Our office received authorizations from the Defense counsel in your claim. We have sent these to you via DocuSign, where you can sign them electronically. If you have any questions, please do not hestiate to contact us directly at (502) 583-4022.

## 17:32:46

Recvd DC SSA & WC Auths - Sent to Client via DocuSign #cc #DCAuth

## 17:19:38

__Re: David Carter v. Unknown Def of St Farm__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brittney Gish  [bgish@dkgnlaw.com](mailto:bgish@dkgnlaw.com)
CC: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com ,  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 22 Jan 2024 16:18:43 -0500

Thank you Brittney,
    We will get these over to him & back to you as soon as we can.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 22, 2024 at 4:00?PM Brittney Gish  wrote:

> Attached are Authos to be signed by your client for Social Security and
> Dept of Workers Comp.
>
>
>
> Brittney Gish
>
> Dorsey, Gray, Norment & Hopgood
>
> 318 Second Street
>
> Henderson, KY  42420
>
> (270) 826-3965
>
> This email/fax and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
> intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
> addressed.  If you have received this email/fax in error please notify the
> sender.  Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email/fax
> are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of
> the company.  Finally, the recipient should check this email/fax and any
> attachments for the presence of viruses.  The company accepts no liability
> for damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email/fax.
>
>
>
>
> 
> Virus-free.www.avast.com
> 
> <#m_-9200073619522251412_DAB4FAD8-2DD7-40BB-A1B8-4E2AA1F9FDF2>
>

## 17:13:55

__David Carter v. Unknown Def of St Farm__
From: Brittney Gish  [bgish@dkgnlaw.com](mailto:bgish@dkgnlaw.com)
To:  [agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com](mailto:agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com)
CC:  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 22 Jan 2024 14:59:56 -0600

Attached are Authos to be signed by your client for Social Security and Dept
of Workers Comp.

 

Brittney Gish

Dorsey, Gray, Norment & Hopgood

318 Second Street

Henderson, KY  42420

(270) 826-3965

This email/fax and any files transmitted with it are confidential and
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed.  If you have received this email/fax in error please notify the
sender.  Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email/fax
are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the
company.  Finally, the recipient should check this email/fax and any
attachments for the presence of viruses.  The company accepts no liability
for damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email/fax.  

 



-- 
This email has been checked for viruses by Avast antivirus software.
www.avast.com

## 15:29:14

__Re: Potential new case__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) David Carter MVA 7/8/2020, [kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com](mailto:kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com) Kathleen Napier
Date: Mon, 22 Jan 2024 14:28:57 -0500

Is there a problem? Has Joey had a chance to take a look yet?

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022



On Fri, Jan 19, 2024 at 11:30?AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Had a chance to take a look?
>
> On Tue, Jan 16, 2024 at 11:20?AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Kathleen, has Joey had a chance to take a look? Thanks.
>>
>> On Fri, Jan 12, 2024 at 10:37?AM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Kathleen, just checking it to see if Joey had a chance to take a look.
>>> Thanks.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jan 8, 2024 at 12:13?PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Kathleen, hope you had a great holiday. Just following up to see if
>>>> Joey had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 4:44?PM Kathleen Napier <
>>>> kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hello Aaron We have received with the holidays Joey has been extremely
>>>>> busy he will get with you as soon as possible
>>>>> Thank you
>>>>> Kathleen
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 2:22?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> I just want to make sure you received what I sent on Decem ber 7.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue, Dec 19, 2023 at 8:59?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Circling back. Thanks.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Dec 12, 2023 at 11:14?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> I just wanted to confirm you were able to access the folder and see
>>>>>>>> if you had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 11:16?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Here is a link to a dropbox folder with the police report and
>>>>>>>>> photos
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/1yzeqalza4k5j7c4l7vpt/h?rlkey=1g0qm080a4tpci39rdgwempbe&dl=0
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 10:58?AM Website Info <
>>>>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Yes sir.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 9:44?PM Website Info <
>>>>>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> I am free all day tomorrow if
>>>>>>>>>>> You would like
>>>>>>>>>>> To call? My cell is (606) 275-6043
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 3:36?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Joey, I hope this email finds you well. We worked together on a
>>>>>>>>>>>> case that went to trial a few years ago with Jay Vaughn. I have a case I
>>>>>>>>>>>> would like to go over with you and possibly retain your services on a
>>>>>>>>>>>> reconstruction. Let me know how you would like to proceed. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>>
>>>>> *Kathleen Napier*
>>>>> *Office Manager*
>>>>>
>>>>> *PO Box 632 *
>>>>> *Wooton, KY 41776*
>>>>>
>>>>> *Office (606) 279-6043*
>>>>> *Cell (606) 275-5237*
>>>>> *Fax (606) 279-6042*
>>>>>
>>>>> *Visit us on the web: www.stidhamreconstruction.com*
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> 
>>>>>
>>>>> Confidentiality:
>>>>> This communication contains information which is confidential. It is
>>>>> for the exclusive use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the
>>>>> intended recipient(s) please be aware that any form of distribution,
>>>>> copying, forwarding or use of this communication or the information therein
>>>>> is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this
>>>>> communication in error please return it to the sender and then delete the
>>>>> communication and destroy the copies.
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
