---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-05

**Case:** [[cases/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020/david-carter-mva-7-8-2020|David Carter MVA 7/8/2020]]

## 12:43:45

__Re: Potential new case__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:davidcartermvaz954628@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) David Carter MVA 7/8/2020, [kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com](mailto:kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com) Kathleen Napier, [info@stidhamreconstruction.com](mailto:info@stidhamreconstruction.com) Website Info
Date: Mon, 5 Feb 2024 11:43:29 -0500

I know you all are busy but I originally submitted this on December 7. Do
you need a retainer or something? I don't need a full work up and report
yet. I just need to know if I have a case. Then we can get full report if
so.

On Mon, Jan 22, 2024 at 2:28?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Is there a problem? Has Joey had a chance to take a look yet?
>
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
> On Fri, Jan 19, 2024 at 11:30?AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Had a chance to take a look?
>>
>> On Tue, Jan 16, 2024 at 11:20?AM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Kathleen, has Joey had a chance to take a look? Thanks.
>>>
>>> On Fri, Jan 12, 2024 at 10:37?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Kathleen, just checking it to see if Joey had a chance to take a look.
>>>> Thanks.
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Jan 8, 2024 at 12:13?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Kathleen, hope you had a great holiday. Just following up to see if
>>>>> Joey had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 4:44?PM Kathleen Napier <
>>>>> kathleennapier@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hello Aaron We have received with the holidays Joey has been
>>>>>> extremely busy he will get with you as soon as possible
>>>>>> Thank you
>>>>>> Kathleen
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 20, 2023 at 2:22?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I just want to make sure you received what I sent on Decem ber 7.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Dec 19, 2023 at 8:59?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Circling back. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Tue, Dec 12, 2023 at 11:14?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> I just wanted to confirm you were able to access the folder and
>>>>>>>>> see if you had a chance to take a look. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 11:16?AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Here is a link to a dropbox folder with the police report and
>>>>>>>>>> photos
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/1yzeqalza4k5j7c4l7vpt/h?rlkey=1g0qm080a4tpci39rdgwempbe&dl=0
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 10:58?AM Website Info <
>>>>>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Yes sir.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 9:44?PM Website Info <
>>>>>>>>>>> info@stidhamreconstruction.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> I am free all day tomorrow if
>>>>>>>>>>>> You would like
>>>>>>>>>>>> To call? My cell is (606) 275-6043
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Dec 6, 2023 at 3:36?PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Joey, I hope this email finds you well. We worked together on
>>>>>>>>>>>>> a case that went to trial a few years ago with Jay Vaughn. I have a case I
>>>>>>>>>>>>> would like to go over with you and possibly retain your services on a
>>>>>>>>>>>>> reconstruction. Let me know how you would like to proceed. Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>>
>>>>>> *Kathleen Napier*
>>>>>> *Office Manager*
>>>>>>
>>>>>> *PO Box 632 *
>>>>>> *Wooton, KY 41776*
>>>>>>
>>>>>> *Office (606) 279-6043*
>>>>>> *Cell (606) 275-5237*
>>>>>> *Fax (606) 279-6042*
>>>>>>
>>>>>> *Visit us on the web: www.stidhamreconstruction.com*
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> 
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Confidentiality:
>>>>>> This communication contains information which is confidential. It is
>>>>>> for the exclusive use of the intended recipient(s). If you are not the
>>>>>> intended recipient(s) please be aware that any form of distribution,
>>>>>> copying, forwarding or use of this communication or the information therein
>>>>>> is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this
>>>>>> communication in error please return it to the sender and then delete the
>>>>>> communication and destroy the copies.
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
