---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-15

**Case:** [[cases/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022|Megan Lee MVA 06/21/2022]]

## 15:35:23

Spoke with Megan - they are calling for case loan #cc

## 12:50:29

__Re: FW: Your vehicle__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Cc: [MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 12:50:15 -0400

I spoke to Megan and since they didn't have funds to pay for the deposit
and insurance they could not get a car. The next available car is tuesday.
Give them loan company information so they can get money to cover this and
make sure they can get both the funds and car by tuesday.

On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 12:33 PM  wrote:

> Clients are Megan Lee and Timothy Shelton. Will you give them a call?
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* megmuse85 
> *Sent:* Friday, July 15, 2022 12:28 PM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Subject:* RE: Your vehicle
>
>
>
> Hey Justin so I just wanted to let you know we went to go pick up our
> rental car just now and the insurance had given Enterprise the wrong phone
> number , they gave them MY phone number the one that got smashed in the
> accident and they knew that I wasn't able to get calls on it and they knew
> the 510 4684 number that I have been using but still gave them the wrong
> one so now it's going to be Tuesdau before we get one. My other delimma is
> they said I had to have a $50 deposit on a card with my name on it and
> proof of insurance which obviously I don't have either one. Justin I'm not
> exaggerating at all when u say that we don't have a penny to our name we're
> lucky to get to eat every other day. My fiance hasn't been able to work
> since the wreck and we are struggling. This car wreck has turned our whole
> lives upside down and it seems like it keeps getting worse and worse. Idk
> what were going to do but we can't go on like this much longer,  we're
> about to starve to death and can't seem to see a light at the end of this
> long ass tunnel. I dont know what to do
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Sent from my Galaxy
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:33:04

__FW: Your vehicle__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 12:32:53 -0400

Clients are Megan Lee and Timothy Shelton. Will you give them a call?

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: megmuse85  
Sent: Friday, July 15, 2022 12:28 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: RE: Your vehicle

 

Hey Justin so I just wanted to let you know we went to go pick up our rental car just now and the insurance had given Enterprise the wrong phone number , they gave them MY phone number the one that got smashed in the accident and they knew that I wasn't able to get calls on it and they knew the 510 4684 number that I have been using but still gave them the wrong one so now it's going to be Tuesdau before we get one. My other delimma is they said I had to have a $50 deposit on a card with my name on it and proof of insurance which obviously I don't have either one. Justin I'm not exaggerating at all when u say that we don't have a penny to our name we're lucky to get to eat every other day. My fiance hasn't been able to work since the wreck and we are struggling. This car wreck has turned our whole lives upside down and it seems like it keeps getting worse and worse. Idk what were going to do but we can't go on like this much longer,  we're about to starve to death and can't seem to see a light at the end of this long ass tunnel. I dont know what to do 

 

 

 

Sent from my Galaxy
