---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-13

**Case:** [[cases/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022|Megan Lee MVA 06/21/2022]]

## 13:33:42

__06/21/22 accident__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [megmuse85@yahoo.com](mailto:megmuse85@yahoo.com)
Cc: [MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Date: Thu, 13 Oct 2022 13:33:26 -0400

Megan, I am sympathetic to you and Tim. In order to get a settlement that
can help you both you are going to need to get medical care for your
injuries. Chiropractic care at a minimum. I have attached a list along with
a map of all chiropractic offices in Danville. Are any of them convenient?

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:06:24

mail from clients: Hello Faye, Megan Lee here, so I'm just emailing you because I have several questions I need answered... So, this car accident has literally flipped our world upside down and I don't see an end nowhere in sight . Every since the 21st of June, like a domino effect everything came crumbling down around us. As you know, we lost our car, which in turn caused my fiance, Tim to lose his job. About a month later, we get kicked out of where we stayed because we couldn't pay our share to stay so we were literally outside , sleeping in the woods for almost 5 weeks , and 2 of those weeks we were out in the weather , Tim has been is hell over his shoulder, and neck and my neck and lower back and right arm has been killing me and couldn't get to Dr because no ride  , finally someone donated us a cheap tent so we could be oit of the rain, my kitten, Jax was killed in the car accident , I still am so heartbroken over that , I cry at least once a day over him, we finally get ur check from Insurance company, but it takes almost 4 weeks if not a little longer to even get the damn thing cashed because I find out my license is expired , yes , expired, so no one would cash it, I had to open up a chase bank account and still it took 4 weeks for it to clear , still this whole time were oit in the woods, we finally get the car, but how can we go anywhere Faye we don't have any way to put gas in the damn thing to get to a Dr to get checked out? We are so depressed, can't seem to catch a damn break anywhere, I can't take much more. There's no way I want to settle to just get our med bills paid , because that's the least of my worries , what can we do , how can we get something to help at least get this pressure off us , cuz it's getting cold quick, and I ain't trying to be sleeping in this car much longer well freeze to death, this is the only way to get ahold of me atm because no phone time so please let me know something asap #cc
