---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-14

**Case:** [[cases/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022/megan-lee-mva-06-21-2022|Megan Lee MVA 06/21/2022]]

## 11:32:48

__Re: 06/21/22 accident__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [megmuse85@yahoo.com](mailto:megmuse85@yahoo.com)
Cc: [MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Oct 2022 11:32:33 -0400

I understand. Do the best you can to get to the appointments. As for the ER
thats up to you. If you feel like you need to go to ER then go.

On Thu, Oct 13, 2022 at 3:29 PM megmuse85  wrote:

> We have appointments on Monday the 24th at 230 and 3 at the back ro basics
> chiropractor... will I need a claim number or anything to tell them when we
> go? And should we still try to get to the er or anything? My problem is and
> always is gas money , like I've had to miss 2 court dates because no gas
> I've already been picked up on 2 different warrants for fta thank God they
> gave me bail credit so I got right out. It's not that we don't wanna go get
> checked out , Mr whaley, it's just we CANT it's been absolutely the worst
> experience of my life and idk where to even turn for help. There's no
> programs to help the needy or homeless with nothing , it's useless. I feel
> so stuck and hopeless
>
>
>
> Sent from my Galaxy
>
>
> -------- Original message --------
> From: Aaron Whaley 
> Date: 10/13/22 1:33 PM (GMT-05:00)
> To: megmuse85@yahoo.com
> Cc: MeganLeeZ1883803@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com, Justin
> Chumbley , Faye Gaither 
>
> Subject: 06/21/22 accident
>
> Megan, I am sympathetic to you and Tim. In order to get a settlement that
> can help you both you are going to need to get medical care for your
> injuries. Chiropractic care at a minimum. I have attached a list along with
> a map of all chiropractic offices in Danville. Are any of them convenient?
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
