---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-28"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-28

**Case:** [[cases/dannin-turner-mva-07-20-2023/dannin-turner-mva-07-20-2023|Dannin Turner MVA 07/20/2023]]

## 17:16:15

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Mon, 28 Aug 2023 17:13:59 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

I received an email from our client, Mr. Dannin Turner asking about another
case about arbitration in the subject of a work injury. Please see below
the description that he stated. I'm not sure of the questions that I can
ask Mr. Dannin to obtain more information from him and to provide him with
the correct process/information about this kind of concern/case. Thank you,
Atty.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
Date: Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 5:02?PM
Subject: Re: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information
To: Dannin turner 


Hi Mr. Dannin,

I appreciate you telling me this, I'll inform Atty. Aaron Whaley about your
case. And I'll get back to you for an update. Thank you.



On Sun, Aug 27, 2023 at 6:59?PM Dannin turner  wrote:

>
>
> Sent from my iPhone
>
> Begin forwarded message:
>
> *From:* Dannin turner 
> *Date:* August 27, 2023 at 5:30:51 PM EDT
> *To:* Dannin turner 
> *Subject:* *Re: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information*
>
> ?Hello I was reach out in regards to another case of mine that?s
> arbitration , in subject of a work injury at GameStop corporation out in
> builit county, the last offer was in may of 12k . I had a civil suit
> against them but 2 different lawyers who I later learn violated my right to
> trail do any debt of 20 dollars. I was stab 14x with ball point ink pen in
> ribs and king by coworker who admitted to wrong wanted to pay as well but
> never did. Would this be something you can take on
>
> Sent from my iPhone
>
> On Jul 26, 2023, at 5:10 PM, Dannin turner  wrote:
>
> ?The lady rush to get off didn?t want police gave insurance and left, we
> went to university of Louisville of Dutchman lane
>
> Sent from my iPhone
>
> On Jul 26, 2023, at 4:21 PM, Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
> ?
> Hi Dannin,
>
> I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm.
> We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have
> seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your
> health insurance card. You can reply or send all information here or on the
> text message I sent and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank
> you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>

## 09:20:18

__Fwd: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [DanninTurnerZ3849215@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DanninTurnerZ3849215@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [DanninTurnerMVAZ3870609@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DanninTurnerMVAZ3870609@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 28 Aug 2023 09:15:17 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Dannin turner 
Date: Sun, Aug 27, 2023 at 6:59?PM
Subject: Fwd: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information
To: 




Sent from my iPhone

Begin forwarded message:

*From:* Dannin turner 
*Date:* August 27, 2023 at 5:30:51 PM EDT
*To:* Dannin turner 
*Subject:* *Re: Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information*

?Hello I was reach out in regards to another case of mine that?s
arbitration , in subject of a work injury at GameStop corporation out in
builit county, the last offer was in may of 12k . I had a civil suit
against them but 2 different lawyers who I later learn violated my right to
trail do any debt of 20 dollars. I was stab 14x with ball point ink pen in
ribs and king by coworker who admitted to wrong wanted to pay as well but
never did. Would this be something you can take on

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 26, 2023, at 5:10 PM, Dannin turner  wrote:

?The lady rush to get off didn?t want police gave insurance and left, we
went to university of Louisville of Dutchman lane

Sent from my iPhone

On Jul 26, 2023, at 4:21 PM, Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

?
Hi Dannin,

I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm.
We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have
seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your
health insurance card. You can reply or send all information here or on the
text message I sent and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank
you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
