---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-10-15"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-10-15

**Case:** [[cases/brooklyn-ballard-mva-02-28-2024/brooklyn-ballard-mva-02-28-2024|Brooklyn Ballard MVA 02/28/2024]]

## 15:54:31

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for MEBS Counseling

## 15:52:02

@jbottorff will you request an updated health lien

## 15:58:39

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Bellevue-Dayton Fire/EMS

## 16:01:28

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 16:00:33

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Spoke to client's mother (Elizabeth). Explained that we are still waiting on Cinci Children's records/bills to make appropriate demand. Also got two new providers - EMS and therapist. Client has been having some PTSD-like issues of late and has been seeing a therapist. Records/bills for both to be requested. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Bryce
__Date & Time__: October 15 2024

## 15:59:38

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:57:48

__Fwd: Brooklyn Ballard__
From: Aries Penaflor [aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:aries@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [5136366729@rcfax.com](mailto:5136366729@rcfax.com)
Date: Tue Oct 15 2024 03:57:17 GMT-04:00

Hi,

Attached is request for records and bills of Brooklyn Ballard.

-- 
All the best,
Aries Paul Peñaflor
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)365-5788
Fax: (502)364-9363



-- 
All the best,
Aries Paul Peñaflor
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)365-5788
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 15:55:34

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:15:11

__Fwd: New Voice Message from (859) 479-5298 on 10/15/2024 2:43 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com), Brooklyn Ballard - Filevine Project Email Address [BrooklynBallardMVAZ4485893@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BrooklynBallardMVAZ4485893@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue Oct 15 2024 03:14:59 GMT-04:00

We don't have an offer. We have not sent a demand because I to see records
regarding the migraines and seizures. That would make a pretty significant
difference in offer and settlement.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Oct 15, 2024 at 2:43?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from (859) 479-5298 on 10/15/2024 2:43 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (859) 479-5298
*Received:* Tuesday, October 15, 2024 at 2:43 PM
*Length:* 01:01
*To:* (502) 365-5788 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
"Hi, Aaron. My name is Elizabeth Ballard. I am trying to get an update on a
settlement offer for my daughter, Brooklyn Ballard. In regards to the wreck
that happened in February, I was told that they are requesting records from
Cincinnati Children's Hospital. However, she was not treated at Cincinnati
Children's in regards to the wreck at All so I am not sure what that is
about. She does have seizures now because of the migraines that has started
because of the wreck and she has gone to children's for a seizure by
ambulance. But I was trying to see what the current settlement offer stands
at at this point. If you could please give me a call back as I have had a
lot of trouble getting returned calls. My number is 859-479-5298. Thank you
and have a great day. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:45:00

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:44:04

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Gave client an update about this case. Wants to talk about settlement amount. Transferred to Atty. Whaley. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Aries
__Date & Time__: October 15 2024

## 14:14:05

Rec'd a call from Ms Ballard (Brookly's mom) - said she had not gotten a return call....told her I would send Aries an email to give her a call on update for Brooklyn#cc

## 13:18:34

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: 'Aries Penaflor' [Aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Aries@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue Oct 15 2024 01:18:31 GMT-04:00



Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Copier Scans  
Sent: Tuesday, October 15, 2024 1:18 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Copier Scans  Device Name: Whaley Law
Office Device Model: MX-3071
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF MMR(G4)
Resolution: 300dpi x 300dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and other
countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
