---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-30

**Case:** [[cases/jarushia-pabst-wc-mva-5-15-2023/jarushia-pabst-wc-mva-5-15-2023|Jarushia Pabst WC/MVA 5/15/2023]]

## 14:35:16

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-08-30 18:30:57.739000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 8592067877 

Caller ID: 859-206-7877 

Caller Name: Jarushia Pabst 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16814119 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hi, my name is Rosa Pabst. My phone number is 859-26-7877, all right. I had a case opened up on may 15th 2023. About my car accident. I just want to get some info. Thank you.

## 09:49:17

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Just happen to see Client Text notification & Replied: 
Does not seem BK or AW has reached out about BI Offer:

Good morning Jarushia,
Please be aware this is an unmonitored number and we do not always see that you have texted. Please call the office at (502) 583-4022 for immediate updates or questions. We are still awaiting a response from your employer on the workers compensation claim. We appreciate you sending in the GM's contact information but we are needing the workers' compensation information. In the meantime, we have received an offer from Progressive, unfortunately, we need to get your medicals sorted out as to who is paying those before we accept or decline any offers. As soon as we know more, we will reach out to you. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: August 30 2023

## 09:49:02

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
