---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-31

**Case:** [[cases/bradley-thieke-mva-10-17-2022/bradley-thieke-mva-10-17-2022|Bradley Thieke MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 15:13:55

Contacted MediCopy about Bluegrass Orthopedics billing and the bill is going to be sent.

## 15:13:12

__Fwd: New submission on HubSpot Form "MediCopy Website - Contact Us"__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BradleyThiekeZ3209540@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BradleyThiekeZ3209540@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 31 Mar 2023 15:12:53 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Medicopy - Contact MediCopy 
Date: Fri, Mar 31, 2023 at 1:40?PM
Subject: Re: New submission on HubSpot Form "MediCopy Website - Contact Us"
To: jessica@whaleylawfirm.com 


Hello,

We apologize for that oversight. I'll have the account manager release
billing records as quickly as possible.

Thanks!

___

*Team MediCopy an MRO Company*

*MRO ** - Accelerating Clinical Data Exchange*
O: 866-587-6274
*MRO, Top Workplace USA 202**3 & 202**2*

*Please note that effective 01/09/23, MediCopy’s email addresses have
changed. Emails sent to contact@medicopy.net will forward
to med_contact@mrocorp.com. All replies will come from the new email
address. Please update your contacts with this new email and utilize it
going forward. Thank you!*
------------------------------
*From:* HubSpot Forms 
*Sent:* Friday, March 31, 2023 11:34 AM
*To:* Medicopy - Contact MediCopy 
*Subject:* New submission on HubSpot Form "MediCopy Website - Contact Us"

*[EXTERNAL]* This email originated outside of the MRO organization. * DO
NOT CLICK* links or attachments unless you recognize the sender and know
the content is safe.


[image: HubSpot]
------------------------------

  New submission on HubSpot Form "MediCopy Website - Contact Us"

------------------------------


*Page submitted on: Contact Us | MediCopy *


*First name:*
Jessica


*Last name:*
Bottorff


*Email:*
jessica@whaleylawfirm.com


*Company:*
The Whaley Law Firm


*State:*
KY


*Job Title:*
Medical Records


*What best describes you?:*
Attorney


*What is your reason for contacting us?:*
Medical Records Request


*How may we help you?:*
We received medical records for our client, Bradley Thieke, but we also
need the bills.

View in HubSpot


[image: Jessica Bottorff]

   - CONTACT
   - Jessica Bottorff



This message was sent to contact@medicopy.net because your preferences are
set to receive notifications like this. You can change it in your notification
preferences

page.

mrocorp.com (Hub ID: 8981536)


HubSpot, Inc.
25 First Street, 2nd Floor
Cambridge, MA 02141


------------------------------
*NOTICE:* This email may contain *PROTECTED* and *CONFIDENTIAL* information
and is intended only for the individuals to whom it is addressed. If you
are not an intended recipient of this email, you are hereby notified that
any unauthorized use, dissemination or copying of this email or the
information contained in it or attached to it is strictly prohibited. If
you have received this email in error, please delete it and immediately
notify the person named above by reply email. Thank you.
