---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-24

**Case:** [[cases/cornelius-smith-mva-9-24-21/cornelius-smith-mva-9-24-21|Cornelius Smith MVA 9/24/21]]

## 10:56:56

__Re: [EXTERNAL] 60004181375 Cornelius Smith__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [KCISNEROS@amica.com](mailto:KCISNEROS@amica.com)
Cc: [CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2022 10:56:37 -0400

Not sure why they did not send you the rest of the bills. I have attached
copies of the bills and records I have.  Please pay The Injury Center a
total $9250 and Bluegrass Bone and Joint a total of $750.  Please send me a
final log after. Thanks.


On Thu, Mar 24, 2022 at 10:51 AM CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) <
KCISNEROS@amica.com> wrote:

> *Hi Attorney Whaley, *
>
>
>
> *Yes, before Mr. Smith was attorney represented we did pay two bills to
> E-Town Injury Center but no other bills have been received. *
>
>
>
> *I have attached a PIP ledger for your review. *
>
>
>
> *Please let me know if more bills will be submitted or if I should close
> the PIP. *
>
>
>
> *Thank you for getting back to me. *
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Kim Cisneros| Associate PIP Claims Specialist*
>
>
>
> *Amica Mutual Insurance Company *
>
> *Mailing: PO Box 9690 | Providence RI | 02940*
>
> *Voice: 866-942-6422 ext:57007 | Fax: 866-847-1554*
>
>
>
>
>
> *kcisneros@amica.com | Amica.com*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Thursday, March 24, 2022 10:47 AM
> *To:* CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) 
> *Cc:* CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com;
> Faye Gaither 
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 60004181375 Cornelius Smith
>
>
>
> Kim, do you have any bills for Cornelius?
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
> ------------------------------
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
> solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. Contact
> us  if you
> have any questions related to the content of this email or if you have
> received it in error. Confidential and personally identifiable information
> should not be transmitted to Amica via email or email attachment. Amica is
> not responsible for the loss, use or misuse of confidential or personally
> identifiable information which is sent to Amica via email or email
> attachment. Contact us
>  if you have
> any questions about our policy.
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:46:54

__60004181375 Cornelius Smith__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [KCISNEROS@amica.com](mailto:KCISNEROS@amica.com)
Cc: [CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2022 10:46:39 -0400

Kim, do you have any bills for Cornelius?

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
