---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/cornelius-smith-mva-9-24-21/cornelius-smith-mva-9-24-21|Cornelius Smith MVA 9/24/21]]

## 16:39:30

__Re: [EXTERNAL] 60004181375__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com](mailto:agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com) Aaron Whaley, [corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2022 15:39:16 -0500

I think she means should the offer be inclusive or exclusive of PIP.
Looking at the offer I am pretty sure that the offer is inclusive.  I would
tell them to include all the medicals.  That is vague.

On Tue, Jan 11, 2022 at 3:34 PM Justin Chumbley 
wrote:

> Any idea what she's talking about?
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) 
> Date: Tue, Jan 11, 2022 at 3:32 PM
> Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] 60004181375
> To: Justin Chumbley 
>
>
> Hi Justin,
>
>
>
> The last we were advised by your office is that all the medical specials
> that you sent were to be paid under the BI claim.
>
>
>
> Please advise if this correct information.
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Kim Cisneros| Associate PIP Claims Specialist*
>
>
>
> *Amica Mutual Insurance Company *
>
> *Mailing: PO Box 9690 | Providence RI | 02940*
>
> *Voice: 866-942-6422 ext:57007 | Fax: 866-847-1554*
>
>
>
>
>
> *kcisneros@amica.com | Amica.com*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Justin Chumbley 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, January 11, 2022 9:41 AM
> *To:* CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) 
> *Cc:* corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 60004181375
>
>
>
> Please forward an updated PIP ledger for our client, Cornelius Smith.
> ------------------------------
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
> solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are addressed. Contact
> us  if you
> have any questions related to the content of this email or if you have
> received it in error. Confidential and personally identifiable information
> should not be transmitted to Amica via email or email attachment. Amica is
> not responsible for the loss, use or misuse of confidential or personally
> identifiable information which is sent to Amica via email or email
> attachment. Contact us
>  if you have
> any questions about our policy.
>
>
> --
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 16:34:50

__Fwd: [EXTERNAL] 60004181375__
From: Justin Chumbley [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com](mailto:agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2022 15:34:31 -0500

Any idea what she's talking about?

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) 
Date: Tue, Jan 11, 2022 at 3:32 PM
Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL] 60004181375
To: Justin Chumbley 


Hi Justin,



The last we were advised by your office is that all the medical specials
that you sent were to be paid under the BI claim.



Please advise if this correct information.



Thank you.











*Kim Cisneros| Associate PIP Claims Specialist*



*Amica Mutual Insurance Company *

*Mailing: PO Box 9690 | Providence RI | 02940*

*Voice: 866-942-6422 ext:57007 | Fax: 866-847-1554*





*kcisneros@amica.com | Amica.com*







*From:* Justin Chumbley 
*Sent:* Tuesday, January 11, 2022 9:41 AM
*To:* CISNEROS, KIMBERLY K. (Kim) 
*Cc:* corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
*Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 60004181375



Please forward an updated PIP ledger for our client, Cornelius Smith.
------------------------------
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended
solely for the use of the individual or entity to which they are
addressed. Contact
us  if you
have any questions related to the content of this email or if you have
received it in error. Confidential and personally identifiable information
should not be transmitted to Amica via email or email attachment. Amica is
not responsible for the loss, use or misuse of confidential or personally
identifiable information which is sent to Amica via email or email
attachment. Contact us
 if you have
any questions about our policy.


-- 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 13:09:17

client unable to view vinesign doc but has given authority to negotiate to LBF. call before pulling trigger

## 12:57:32

send negotiation letter via vinesign. unable to link vinesign to filevine

## 10:40:55

__60004181375__
From: Justin Chumbley [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kcisneros@amica.com](mailto:kcisneros@amica.com)
Cc: [corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:corneliussmithmvaz954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2022 09:40:41 -0500

Please forward an updated PIP ledger for our client, Cornelius Smith.

## 10:39:21

__60004181375__
From: Justin CHUMBLEY [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kscisneros@amica.com](mailto:kscisneros@amica.com)
Cc: [CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CorneliusSmithMVAZ954613@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2022 09:39:17 -0500

Good morning,

 

Please forward an updated PIP ledger for our client, Cornelius Smith.

 

Sent from Mail for Windows
