---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-14

**Case:** [[cases/robert-l-wright-mva-9-17-21/robert-l-wright-mva-9-17-21|Robert L. Wright MVA 9/17/21]]

## 17:00:01

__Re: Client Offers: Robert Wright & Monisha Jefferson | Claim#:046978312-05__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Nicholas.Wiley@libertymutual.com](mailto:Nicholas.Wiley@libertymutual.com)
Cc: [RobertLWrightZ954755@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:RobertLWrightZ954755@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 14 Jan 2022 15:59:44 -0500

Nicholas, thank you. My clients accept your offer. Neither of them have
Medicare, tricare or medicaid. Neither of them are married.  My tax ID is
26-4449080. Please forward checks and releases.


On Fri, Jan 14, 2022 at 3:39 PM Wiley, Nicholas <
Nicholas.Wiley@libertymutual.com> wrote:

>
>
>
>
>
>
> Hi  *Aaron,*
>
>
>
> Thank you for submitting your demands regarding your client(s) Robert
> Wright & Monisha Jefferson. Please find below our offers to resolve their
> claims.
>
>
>
> Monisha Jefferson: *$25,000 – Policy Limits*
>
> Robert Wright: *$25,000 – Policy Limits*
>
>
>
>  Additionally, I’ve attached a copy of our declarations page which
> correlates with our available limits offered.
>
>
>
>  Please fill out the following information below so that we may process
> your claim & payout as soon as possible
>
>
>
> Your Tax ID:
>
>
>
> *Monisha Jefferson – Payout Information:*
>
> Payee’s Name:
>
> Marital Status:
>
> Does Ms. Jefferson have Medicare/Medicaid/Tricare:
>
> If yes to the above question has any payments been issue by those
> entities:
>
> Is there any outstanding liens you’ve been notified of? If Yes who?:
>
> Additionally, if any liens were to materialize related to this claim we
> were unaware of at the time of settlement, your firm and client Monisha
> Jefferson agrees to address them directly with the requestor of payment?:
>
>
>
> *Robert Wright – Payout Information:*
>
> Payee’s Name:
>
> Marital Status:
>
> Does  Mr. Wright have Medicare/Medicaid/Tricare:
>
> If yes to the above question has any payments been issue by those
> entities:
>
> Is there any outstanding liens you’ve been notified of? If Yes who?:
>
> Additionally, if any liens were to materialize related to this claim we
> were unaware of at the time of settlement, your firm and client Robert
> Wright agrees to address them directly with the requestor of payment?:
>
>
>
> Look forward to hearing from your thanks for your demand and attention to
> this matter.
>
>
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> Nicholas Wiley
>
> Claims Resolution Specialist III
>
> Liberty Mutual Insurance
>
> P. O. Box 5014
>
> Scranton, PA  18505-5014
>
> Direct Phone: 317-805-2625
>
> Fax: 603-334-8181
>
> Business Hours: Monday to Friday (8:00 AM to 4:30 PM time zone)
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 046978312},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> BIFREEFORM}]
>
>
>
> Policy underwritten by *Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company*
>
> © 2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA
> 02116
>
>
>
>
>
> For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all
> correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!
>
>
>
> All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
> protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
> encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile
> .
>
>
>
> *To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to *
> *www.libertymutual.com/privacy* 
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
