---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-18

**Case:** [[cases/robert-l-wright-mva-9-17-21/robert-l-wright-mva-9-17-21|Robert L. Wright MVA 9/17/21]]

## 17:10:28

__Justin Morehouse - Kentucky Farm Bureau - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: fgaither.wlf@gmail.com 
CC: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
Date: 18 Jan 2022 07:04:38 -0800

From Name: Justin Morehouse
From Number: 606-784-7536
From Company: Kentucky Farm Bureau
He's seeking the status on the phone interview with Robert White and Monisha Jefferson. 

Actions: 
To: Faye Gaither	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/18/2022 10:03 AM
Caller ID: Unavailable	6067847536
Ruby Receptionist: Lavelle C.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.

## 19:36:37

__RE: Re: Client Offers: Robert Wright & Monisha Jefferson | Claim#:046978312-05__
From: Wiley, Nicholas [Nicholas.Wiley@libertymutual.com](mailto:Nicholas.Wiley@libertymutual.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [RobertLWrightZ954755@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:RobertLWrightZ954755@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 18 Jan 2022 23:36:24 +0000

Hey Aaron,

Sorry for the late response I was out of the office on MLK day. Here are the two releases for your clients. Once I received them back I can issue payment at that time. Thanks!

Sincerely,
Nicholas Wiley
Claims Resolution Specialist III
Liberty Mutual Insurance
P. O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA  18505-5014
Direct Phone: 317-805-2625
Fax: 603-334-8181
Business Hours: Monday to Friday (8:00 AM to 4:30 PM time zone)

For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile.

To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to www.libertymutual.com/privacy
[cid:image001.png@01D80C9A.4A2E6100]


From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Friday, January 14, 2022 4:00 PM
To: Wiley, Nicholas 
Cc: RobertLWrightZ954755@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: {EXTERNAL} Re: Client Offers: Robert Wright & Monisha Jefferson | Claim#:046978312-05

Nicholas, thank you. My clients accept your offer. Neither of them have Medicare, tricare or medicaid. Neither of them are married.  My tax ID is 26-4449080. Please forward checks and releases.


On Fri, Jan 14, 2022 at 3:39 PM Wiley, Nicholas > wrote:
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe6a15707464047f7c1c/i/1/4d907e02-7.jpg]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe6a15707464047f7c1c/i/1/9313bca2-2.jpg]



Hi  Aaron,

Thank you for submitting your demands regarding your client(s) Robert Wright & Monisha Jefferson. Please find below our offers to resolve their claims.

Monisha Jefferson: $25,000 – Policy Limits
Robert Wright: $25,000 – Policy Limits

 Additionally, I’ve attached a copy of our declarations page which correlates with our available limits offered.

 Please fill out the following information below so that we may process your claim & payout as soon as possible

Your Tax ID:

Monisha Jefferson – Payout Information:
Payee’s Name:
Marital Status:
Does Ms. Jefferson have Medicare/Medicaid/Tricare:
If yes to the above question has any payments been issue by those entities:
Is there any outstanding liens you’ve been notified of? If Yes who?:
Additionally, if any liens were to materialize related to this claim we were unaware of at the time of settlement, your firm and client Monisha Jefferson agrees to address them directly with the requestor of payment?:

Robert Wright – Payout Information:
Payee’s Name:
Marital Status:
Does  Mr. Wright have Medicare/Medicaid/Tricare:
If yes to the above question has any payments been issue by those entities:
Is there any outstanding liens you’ve been notified of? If Yes who?:
Additionally, if any liens were to materialize related to this claim we were unaware of at the time of settlement, your firm and client Robert Wright agrees to address them directly with the requestor of payment?:

Look forward to hearing from your thanks for your demand and attention to this matter.


Sincerely,
Nicholas Wiley
Claims Resolution Specialist III
Liberty Mutual Insurance
P. O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA  18505-5014
Direct Phone: 317-805-2625
Fax: 603-334-8181
Business Hours: Monday to Friday (8:00 AM to 4:30 PM time zone)



[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe6a15707464047f7c1c/m/1/Footer_Desktop.jpg]

[metadata: {Claim-Number : 046978312},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category : Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id : BIFREEFORM}]

Policy underwritten by Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company
© 2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116


For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile.

To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to www.libertymutual.com/privacy
[cid:image002.png@01D80C9A.4A2E6100]




--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
