---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-27

**Case:** [[cases/orville-ward-mva-10-26-2022/orville-ward-mva-10-26-2022|Orville Ward MVA 10/26/2022]]

## 14:05:59

Hi Orville, this is Jessa from the Whaley Law Firm. Please send here the picture of your health insurance card front and back.

## 11:21:36

Contact Orville Ward at 606-939-1708 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 15:32:00

__1748B821C__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com)
Date: Thu, 27 Apr 2023 15:31:32 -0400

Hi,

Please acknowledge receipt. I would also like to know the liability status
of this claim. Thank you.

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:36:10

Called Statefarm to obtain claim number. Can't find any claim for the DOI. Will open claim but wait time is too long so I requested a callback.

## 14:15:04

New Medical Provider Added

## 14:13:54

New Medical Provider Added

## 12:42:10

Send record request to Louisa PD to obtain PR or report number

## 12:15:59

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 12:15:55

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to get more info about the case. Def's insurance is Statefarm, there is already a claim open but he doesn't have the info. Client has health insurance Humana, advise to send copy of health insurance card front and back. There is also police report but client has no info. Will call Louisa City Police Department for the report number. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Jessa
__Date & Time__: April 27 2023

## 12:15:43

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 12:04:15

Insurance Company Added

## 12:02:02

New Lien added

## 11:21:45

Orville Ward
Phone Number
:
606-939-1708
Alternate Phone Number
:
606-963-3476
E-Mail Address
:
leeward217@gmail.com
Alternate E-Mail Address
:
Date of Birth
:
2/20/1974
Address
:
1835 Winchester Ave
Ashland KY, 41101
Injured Party's Name if different from client:
Injured Party's date of birth if applicable:
Injured Party's date of death if applicable:
Relationship to Injured Party if applicable:
Case Information
What type of case is this?
Motor Vehicle Accident
The Whaley Law Firm - Personal Injury Claim Information
Case Information
What is the date of the incident?
10/26/2022
Brief synopsis of what happened:
On N Vinson St in Louisa KY(Near the Courthouse) PC was onthe sidewalk in his electricwheelchair with his wife, Donna.Party at fault was backing out ofa parking spot and hit him (in hiswheelchair) with the front driverside fender of the car swingingaround as she backed up. PC hadto slap her car in order for her tonotice he was there and hadbeen hit. When he was hit itcaused his wife to get knockedover as well. Damaged hiswheelchair (worth about $5,000)
Who is the party at fault (name of individual orbusiness)?
Patty Stafford
Were you injured as a result of this accident (ifso, what were your injuries)?
Yes; Wheelchair is damaged andneeds a surgery on his knee
Have you received any medical treatmentrelated to this incident?
Yes
Is this your first time contacting an attorney inregards to this incident?
No
If you are not the injured party do you haveauthority to sign on their behalf?
N/A
In what state did the incident occur in?
Kentucky

## 11:21:33

Phase Change: File Set Up

## 11:20:45

__FW: New Intake__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Jessa Galosmo'
Date: Thu, 27 Apr 2023 11:20:37 -0400

New one. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  
Sent: Thursday, April 27, 2023 11:16 AM
To: Justin Chumbley 
Subject: New Intake

 

I am skeptical. Claim is from October of last year and we are not the first attorney. Lets open and take a look. 


 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022
