---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-20

**Case:** [[cases/asgelia-todd-wc-03-13-2023/asgelia-todd-wc-03-13-2023|Asgelia Todd WC 03/13/2023]]

## 12:03:07

__Re: A. Todd - Workers Compensation claim__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Armbruster ,  Debbie"  [DARMBRUS@travelers.com](mailto:DARMBRUS@travelers.com)
CC: "Becker ,  Chanda"  [CBECKER3@travelers.com](mailto:CBECKER3@travelers.com),  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2023 12:00:34 -0400

Good afternoon Debbie,
    I just spoke with Mrs. Todd, and as expected she is in a
financial ditch that she is unable to get out of due to her lack of TTD
benefits. Mrs. Todd is unemployed due to her injuries and her TTD benefits
have been denied unjustly and she has not been provided travel
reimbursement for the appointments she has been attending. Mrs. Todd is
unable to afford the gas & tolls associated with traveling to Indiana for
treatment.
     Mrs. Todd is still having issues and can not return to work until she
is released by her physician but she is unable to afford the travel costs
for the restricted network physician. It's a catch 22 situation for her. I
will discuss this in detail with the attorneys and update you as soon as
possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Oct 20, 2023 at 11:44?AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Thank you Debbie for the update. I will reach out to her & see what is
> going on.
> We, (Chanda, myself & Samantha) had previously discussed that
> transportation would be an issue with this location but the adjuster would
> not allow her to treat somewhere closer to home. I will update you as soon
> as possible.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Fri, Oct 20, 2023 at 11:30?AM Armbruster, Debbie <
> DARMBRUS@travelers.com> wrote:
>
>> Good Morning Serena,
>>
>>
>>
>> Asgelia Todd – I am the Medical Case Manager now assigned to Ms. Todd’s
>> claim.  I was notified by KORT Physical Therapy that Ms. Todd has only
>> attended 2 work hardening sessions out of 12 approved and was last seen on
>> 10/4.  I wanted to make you aware of the attendance concern.  Please let us
>> know if you have any questions.
>>
>>
>>
>> Have a nice day,
>>
>> Debbie
>>
>>
>>
>> *Debbie Armbruster, RN, BSN, CCM *|* Medical Professional*| Worker’s
>> Compensation
>>
>> Travelers
>>
>> Lake Michigan Claim Center
>>
>> W: 317-818-5203 F: 877-786-5567
>>
>> Mailing Address:
>>
>> Travelers
>>
>> P.O. Box 660456
>>
>> Dallas, Texas 75266-0456
>>
>>
>>
>> *Injured Employees register at **MyTravelers.com*
>> * to manage your payments,
>> communicate with your Claim team and upload files. You can also explore
>> other self-service resources for **Injured Employees*
>> *,
>> **Employers*
>> *
>> and **Providers*
>> 
>> *.*.
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential,
>> proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is
>> intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If
>> you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the
>> sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any
>> disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any
>> attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is
>> prohibited.
>>
>> TRVDiscDefault::1201
>>
>

## 12:02:23

__Re: A. Todd - Workers Compensation claim__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Armbruster ,  Debbie"  [DARMBRUS@travelers.com](mailto:DARMBRUS@travelers.com)
CC: "Becker ,  Chanda"  [CBECKER3@travelers.com](mailto:CBECKER3@travelers.com)
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2023 11:44:09 -0400

Thank you Debbie for the update. I will reach out to her & see what is
going on.
We, (Chanda, myself & Samantha) had previously discussed that
transportation would be an issue with this location but the adjuster would
not allow her to treat somewhere closer to home. I will update you as soon
as possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Oct 20, 2023 at 11:30?AM Armbruster, Debbie 
wrote:

> Good Morning Serena,
>
>
>
> Asgelia Todd – I am the Medical Case Manager now assigned to Ms. Todd’s
> claim.  I was notified by KORT Physical Therapy that Ms. Todd has only
> attended 2 work hardening sessions out of 12 approved and was last seen on
> 10/4.  I wanted to make you aware of the attendance concern.  Please let us
> know if you have any questions.
>
>
>
> Have a nice day,
>
> Debbie
>
>
>
> *Debbie Armbruster, RN, BSN, CCM *|* Medical Professional*| Worker’s
> Compensation
>
> Travelers
>
> Lake Michigan Claim Center
>
> W: 317-818-5203 F: 877-786-5567
>
> Mailing Address:
>
> Travelers
>
> P.O. Box 660456
>
> Dallas, Texas 75266-0456
>
>
>
> *Injured Employees register at **MyTravelers.com*
> * to manage your payments,
> communicate with your Claim team and upload files. You can also explore
> other self-service resources for **Injured Employees*
> *,
> **Employers*
> *
> and **Providers*
> 
> *.*.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
> This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential,
> proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is
> intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If
> you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the
> sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any
> disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any
> attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is
> prohibited.
>
> TRVDiscDefault::1201
>

## 11:54:41

__New Voice Message from TODD ASGELIA (502) 712-6221 on 10/19/2023 12:51 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 19 Oct 2023 16:52:02 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* TODD ASGELIA (502) 712-6221 
*Received:* Thursday, October 19, 2023 at 12:51 PM 
*Length:* 00:57 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, this is Ashley. Ty, I am kind of in a financial hardship 
right now. I am working on my unemployment. Getting that back kind of got a 
financial strain on my life right now. And I was wondering if you heard 
anything about my work in this or if I am even able to take a loan out 
until My case is settled if ever even settled. I do not know, but I am 
trying to get some money. It is the holidays, I am not working, I do not 
have any money right now and I am broke. My bills is behind. I do not know, 
you might even can not reach me by phone here soon because my phone May be 
cut off like today or tomorrow. So if you need to reach me, you will have 
to reach me at my Gmail, which is Asgelia 330@gmail.com. Thank you, have a 
good day, bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 11:45:15

__A. Todd - Workers Compensation claim__
From: "Armbruster, Debbie"  [DARMBRUS@travelers.com](mailto:DARMBRUS@travelers.com)
To: "Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com"  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "Becker ,  Chanda"  [CBECKER3@travelers.com](mailto:CBECKER3@travelers.com)
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2023 15:30:46 +0000

Good Morning Serena,

Asgelia Todd - I am the Medical Case Manager now assigned to Ms. Todd's claim.  I was notified by KORT Physical Therapy that Ms. Todd has only attended 2 work hardening sessions out of 12 approved and was last seen on 10/4.  I wanted to make you aware of the attendance concern.  Please let us know if you have any questions.

Have a nice day,
Debbie

Debbie Armbruster, RN, BSN, CCM | Medical Professional| Worker's Compensation
Travelers
Lake Michigan Claim Center
W: 317-818-5203 F: 877-786-5567
Mailing Address:
Travelers
P.O. Box 660456
Dallas, Texas 75266-0456

Injured Employees register at MyTravelers.com to manage your payments, communicate with your Claim team and upload files. You can also explore other self-service resources for Injured Employees, Employers and Providers..

[cid:image001.jpg@01DA0347.F3441E60]



________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201
