---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-31

**Case:** [[cases/wesley-springer-wc/wesley-springer-wc|Wesley Springer WC]]

## 13:43:24

__Wesley Springer viewed Thank you for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 31 Mar 2022 10:26:26 -0700

Hello Wesley Springer,   

At 3/31/2022 10:26:26 AM PDT, Wesley Springer opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley WC Client Intake Packet - Adult.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=5f2d8c03-7aa1-4d8c-ac77-a47c24caa33a

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi11bP2X-yLbeVFlOpOmdF00Tuiqm2VMw1yA6T63OV9In2ZWxd8aPDazN1CJ23M2ehsWMgFIDNTM2W7J05JyjkHRvTXC5Y38vYm6WTE-8ebpBGUT7CSqgaDyWmqE6wJ9pk5ERyBH8jcwjKtGCrnDarWFFeygwZ2FFIXsz86nJ3tfbpI3oSgcanV5azVSjTqulRWQKqA8HyNOH5xvkl_mOXs9c6ZdDFOnBv5uPYXn0wwNkfQVHZy9ZYJgyM-HVehZwuRPikiWYUCpPtee1PoSqr0lnXDYlm1qJEZYvlg7moDTs-zuSLlTiIdut_AIozur2nQz6vSjhJzQDraOsrIHlD7i6sxDLhZRbhuaqrku8b-d6IMmcRNS1MQTXBwoqp6miu77v6fsmhknq3vOC4Gs2siGYMcqLmsGMVvsMTqrtEgB5nuSLKb0HjNlc_wEqFLyd-HA&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing

## 13:20:26

Recvd new phone number for client - 502-345-0233 - LVM requesting call back for Intake - Sent Intake Packet via DocuSign

## 13:18:48

Called Pot Client - Call Restriction still in place - sending 2nd email
