---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-31

**Case:** [[cases/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022|Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022]]

## 13:43:34

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2022 13:33:58 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:08:43

Contact Michelle Logan at (502) 654-5128 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 11:05:16

@jchumbley Follow up with BI on PD. Client is very stressed and high maintenance. Good injuries though. Treating with Synergy. Give her a call as well. I added the kid as well. Hit by box truck so good case.

## 12:58:38

@jchumbley client has appointment tomorrow at Sam Swope Nissan 4:30. Needs rental car as well. Please coordinate with adjuster.

## 15:12:04

__Michelle Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2022 15:11:49 -0400

Super high maintenance. Please call her today. She complained about not
having enough contact despite talking to Sarena each of the last two
fridays as well as me leaving a message last week. I said you would call
today just to introduce yourself and lord knows how she will react if it
doesn't happen. Let me know when you do. Thanks.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:09:13

__22-2431423__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Letrece_S_Williams@progressive.com](mailto:Letrece_S_Williams@progressive.com), [A104567@progressive.com](mailto:A104567@progressive.com)
Cc: [michelleloganmvaz2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:michelleloganmvaz2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2022 15:08:59 -0400

Dear Letrece,

I am following up on some voicemails my office has left. Please confirm you
have reached out to Ms. Logan and have her rental car set up. If there is
anything you need from me please let me know.

Sincerely,
Justin Chumbley

## 11:43:33

__Michelle and Macenzie Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Cc: [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2022 11:43:21 -0400

So, just spoke to her for an hour. Reach out to BI and make sure they reach
out to her rePD. I told her to take it to Sam Swope Nissan in ETown. That
is where she bought it. In the Intake section I added her employer. Call
them. Find out how to send the wage and salary form to them and off work
notes. In the details section of the employer I put who to ask for. Sounds
like she had a pretty bad concussion and she said Synergy also diagnosed
her with a shoulder separation.

Give her a call later to introduce yourself.  Nice lady just needs some
hand holding.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:03:04

Called BI Adj Mosley - LVM - Requesting confirmation she is reaching out to client in regard to the property damages - Awaiting reply #BI #PD

## 11:00:25

Recvd State Farm Formal PIP Denial - Policy not in effect - Cancellation Notice was sent on 09/22 #PIP #Denial

## 10:52:38

__1740P709J__
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 28 Oct 2022 19:18:56 +0000

Good afternoon,

I am following up on your client, our insured, Michelle Logan for date of loss 10/11/22.  Ms. Logan's policy was not in force on the date of the loss.  I have attached our coverage denial letter and a copy of the cancellation notice.  Her policy was cancelled on 10/11/22 at 12:01am.  Please let me know if you need anything else.

Thank you, 

Joe Bridgman
Claims Specialist - Injury
statefarmclaims@statefarm.com

Office:  480-293-6813 – Injury
Office: 844-292-8615 x307 – Property Damage
Fax: 855-820-6318

Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.®

## 07:09:56

__Re: Michelle Logan__
From: Michelle Logan  [mshell32106@gmail.com](mailto:mshell32106@gmail.com)
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
CC:  
Date: Sat, 29 Oct 2022 20:41:18 -0400

I don't understand what is going on. I am trying to handle this the best
way I can.
I feel all of this shouldn't be things I should be dealing with while my
life is upside down as is..  The whole experience hasn't been pleasant to
say the least.
I attempted to call back after a missed call and a voice message was left
on my phone yesterday around 3:30pm it was close to 4 so I'm sure I missed
someone being in the office.  After a week of calling daily and leaving
voice messages. I didn't know what was going on. I'm going on 3 weeks since
my accident. Still no adjuster has reached out to me to look at my car. I
was told last week that was supposedly getting taken care of. Yesterday I
get a voice mail that says the at fault drivers insurance was accepting
full liability and supposed to be contacting me. That's 2 weeks I been told
similar things with no results.
 My daughter and I both had a horrible unprofessional experience with
Anointed hands to get that phone call 10/24 like I did was very uncalled
for..
I tired to call to get some kind of answers of why it was okay for Mo to
call me telling me I was going to be transferring back there. No one has
physically talked to me about that. I didn't get that call back from Aaron
until 2 days later on 10/26..
  That message said something about Serena had reached out to me that it
was noted but that isn't so. I haven't talked to her since 10/21
 I haven't signed with the other law firm yet but I need communication from
someone this shouldn't be an issue.
I feel disappointed and let down. If my case is to much then if I need to
go else where just tell me that.
I have others willing to help me. This whole experience has been
disappointing and stressful. I feel I'm having to put work into this I
shouldn't have to. I already started this process with you all I don't like
change but I will do whatever is best for me and my daughter.. Please let
me know what I need to do. Thank you


On Fri, Oct 28, 2022, 3:23 PM Michelle Logan  wrote:

> I Michelle Logan no long want services from your law firm due to lack of
> communication as of 10/28/2022.
>  You can forward any information regarding my self and/or  my daughter
> Mackenzie Logan  are entrie file to
> Tim Edmondson his email address  tedmondson@fourthepeople.com
> 1-859-469-7955 - Thank You
>
