---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-27

**Case:** [[cases/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022|Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022]]

## 17:57:02

@jchumbley The only thing we need is the UL Radiology group(assuming there is even a bill) and the Hardin COunty EMS records and bill. I saved the bill from Hardin COunty EMS I got from client to her file. Go ahead and get demand out.

## 17:54:23

__Re: Michelle Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mshell32106@gmail.com](mailto:mshell32106@gmail.com) Michelle Logan, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 16:54:05 -0500

I'll add that and go ahead and prepare a demand and get it sent out. When I
get the official records I will supplement it. That we wont have to wait as
much.

On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 4:13 PM Michelle Logan 
wrote:

> Here I make this easier for you. I got the bill from Hardin Co EMS what
> else do you need?
>
> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 2:58 PM Michelle Logan 
> wrote:
>
>> I did not see anyone after that expect my family doctor in Fairdale
>> Dr.Flowers. Life Springs is inside of Hardin Memorial Hospital.  Just the
>> Unit was called Life Springs. Hopefully that makes better sense.
>>
>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 2:25 PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Michelle, I am waiting on Hardin EMS. I have Hardin COunty hospital
>>> records for the dates 11/22 to 11/24. Did you have any follow up with Life
>>> Springs after that?  I sent a separate request to LifeSprings and I am
>>> waiting on that but  if you did not see anyone after 11/24 then I don't
>>> need that.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 2:14 PM Michelle Logan 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Are you able to tell me where the demand is setting at the moment? How
>>>> long do you think this will take before I see some money in hand?
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 1:59 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Thats what I thought.  Thanks. As soon as I have those records we can
>>>>> send your demand.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:53 PM Michelle Logan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> When I had a mental Break down on November 22 2022 due to the PTSD
>>>>>> I was transported by
>>>>>> HARDIN EMS and stayed at Hardin Momorial Hospital LifeSprings until
>>>>>> November 24 2022.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 1:49 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Michelle, did you go by EMS more than once?  I have Hardin county
>>>>>>> ems and bullitt county ems in my file. I have the records from bullitt
>>>>>>> county but not hardin. I just want to confirm before I start giving hardin
>>>>>>> county a hard time. Thanks. We are waiting on some stragglers of medical
>>>>>>> records and bills. We have most of it.  Just had a lot of providers so we
>>>>>>> end up going as fast as the slowest one.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Sun, Feb 26, 2023 at 5:19 PM Michelle Logan <
>>>>>>> mshell32106@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> I have been back to work almost a month now. Has there been any
>>>>>>>> progress with my case?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:27:21

__Re: Michelle Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com), [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:27:00 -0500

Hardin COunty Hospital records have the "LifeSprings" records. Need to know
if she followed up with them beyond the 11/24 date. IF not then those are
part of the Hardin Memorial Hospital records and we can delete them.

On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 2:22 PM  wrote:

> Hardin County EMS was rejected (ChartSwap), they needed a new MedAuth and
> I uploaded a corrected one to them on 2/16.
>
> I sent a request to UofL Radiology on 2/15.
>
> Life Springs – I will text her to find out more information.  There isn’t
> an address or anything listed other than “Life Springs”
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Monday, February 27, 2023 1:47 PM
> *To:* Jessica Bottorff ; Justin Chumbley <
> justin@whaleylawfirm.com>; Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022 <
> MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>
> *Subject:* Michelle Logan
>
>
>
> Status of medical requests?
>
> Hardin County EMS requested 12/08 and has a follow up date of 02/16.
>
> Life Springs has not been requested.
>
> Synergy had records and bills it just wasn't reflected in the bills. I
> updated.
>
> UofL Radiology. requested 11/02/22 with a 2/15 follow up date.
>
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:26:07

__Re: Mackenzie Logan lost wages__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mshell32106@gmail.com](mailto:mshell32106@gmail.com) Michelle Logan, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:25:45 -0500

Michelle, I am waiting on Hardin EMS. I have Hardin COunty hospital records
for the dates 11/22 to 11/24. Did you have any follow up with Life Springs
after that?  I sent a separate request to LifeSprings and I am waiting on
that but  if you did not see anyone after 11/24 then I don't need that.

On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 2:14 PM Michelle Logan 
wrote:

> Are you able to tell me where the demand is setting at the moment? How
> long do you think this will take before I see some money in hand?
>
> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 1:59 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Thats what I thought.  Thanks. As soon as I have those records we can
>> send your demand.
>>
>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023 at 1:53 PM Michelle Logan 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> When I had a mental Break down on November 22 2022 due to the PTSD
>>> I was transported by
>>> HARDIN EMS and stayed at Hardin Momorial Hospital LifeSprings until
>>> November 24 2022.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Feb 27, 2023, 1:49 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Michelle, did you go by EMS more than once?  I have Hardin county ems
>>>> and bullitt county ems in my file. I have the records from bullitt county
>>>> but not hardin. I just want to confirm before I start giving hardin county
>>>> a hard time. Thanks. We are waiting on some stragglers of medical records
>>>> and bills. We have most of it.  Just had a lot of providers so we end up
>>>> going as fast as the slowest one.
>>>>
>>>> On Sun, Feb 26, 2023 at 5:19 PM Michelle Logan 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I have been back to work almost a month now. Has there been any
>>>>> progress with my case?
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:25:01

__FW: Michelle Logan__
From:  [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:24:54 -0500

 

 

From: jessica@whaleylawfirm.com  
Sent: Monday, February 27, 2023 2:23 PM
To: 'Aaron Whaley' 
Subject: RE: Michelle Logan

 

Hardin County EMS was rejected (ChartSwap), they needed a new MedAuth and I uploaded a corrected one to them on 2/16.

I sent a request to UofL Radiology on 2/15.

Life Springs – I will text her to find out more information.  There isn’t an address or anything listed other than “Life Springs”

 

From: Aaron Whaley  > 
Sent: Monday, February 27, 2023 1:47 PM
To: Jessica Bottorff  >; Justin Chumbley  >; Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022  >
Subject: Michelle Logan

 

Status of medical requests? 

Hardin County EMS requested 12/08 and has a follow up date of 02/16.

Life Springs has not been requested.

Synergy had records and bills it just wasn't reflected in the bills. I updated.

UofL Radiology. requested 11/02/22 with a 2/15 follow up date. 




 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

## 15:24:29

Hi, Michelle!  This is The Whaley Law Firm.  We need to confirm the correct location for the Life Spring you were seen at in order to request medical records & bills.

## 14:47:24

__Michelle Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessica Bottorff, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 13:47:03 -0500

Status of medical requests?
Hardin County EMS requested 12/08 and has a follow up date of 02/16.
Life Springs has not been requested.
Synergy had records and bills it just wasn't reflected in the bills. I
updated.
UofL Radiology. requested 11/02/22 with a 2/15 follow up date.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
