---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-26

**Case:** [[cases/jeremy-wayne-priddy-mva-02-28-2022/jeremy-wayne-priddy-mva-02-28-2022|Jeremy Wayne Priddy MVA 02/28/2022]]

## 14:43:10

Good afternoon Jeremy, I did receive your text about settlement time frames. Unfortunately, I can not give you an exact time frame at the moment. Once a claim goes into litigation there are certain guidelines that have to be followed but at any phase extensions can be granted changing everything.

## 14:37:29

__New Text Message from (502) 295-0082 on 07/26/2022 2:26 PM__
From: RingCentral  [service@ringcentral.com](mailto:service@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 26 Jul 2022 18:26:20 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Text Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new text message:
*From:* (502) 295-0082 
*To:* Sarena Tuttle 
*Received:* Tuesday, July 26, 2022 at 2:26 PM 
*Message:* It’s jeremy priddy I was trying to see how much longer we are 
looking at on the settlement 
To reply using the RingCentral app, click here 
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
