---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-29"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-29

**Case:** [[cases/camren-trice-mva-1-28-2024/camren-trice-mva-1-28-2024|Camren Trice MVA 1/28/2024]]

## 12:34:50

@aries1 have client send us photos of any visible injuries

## 13:58:38

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for University of Louisville Hospital

## 13:58:18

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Louisville Metro EMS, LMEMS

## 17:10:09

A call from Aries  Penaflor was logged at 2024-01-29 20:05:34.198000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5024402057 

Caller ID: 502-440-2057 

Caller Name: Camren Trice 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18961942

## 16:27:44

__The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Aries Penaflor [aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:aries@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Camren.trice24@gmail.com](mailto:Camren.trice24@gmail.com) Camren Trice
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 15:27:26 -0500

Hi Camren,

This is Aries from the Whaley Law Firm. I'm trying to contact you related
to your vehicle accident. We need the police report number or location of
the accident, the lists of medical providers you have seen for treatment
and the copy of your health insurance card front and back. We also need the
photos of the injuries that you had because of the accident.

Thanks.

-- 
All the best,
Aries Paul Peñaflor
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)365-5788
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 16:24:45

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 16:24:45

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 12:34:00

Contact Camren Trice at 502-440-2057 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 16:23:54

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Spoke to client. Said he doesn't have the copy of the PR. While talking to him, he said if it's fine if he'd call me back real quick. Seems in the middle of something. Email and text sent. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Aries
__Date & Time__: January 29 2024

## 16:02:06

__Re: Camren Trice__
From: Gannon Middleton [connor.middleton@uoflhealth.org](mailto:connor.middleton@uoflhealth.org)
To: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessica Bottorff, [ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org) ULH HIM ROI, [ulhcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ulhcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org) ULH Customer Service
Cc: [CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Camren Trice - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 20:01:59 +0000

Received



Gannon Middleton

ROI Tech

Health Information Management

UofL Health



[cid:8b6fae7a-514d-4463-ad9f-c5e5d15d8b2e]



________________________________
From: Jessica Bottorff 
Sent: Monday, January 29, 2024 2:12 PM
To: ULH HIM ROI ; ULH Customer Service 
Cc: Camren Trice - Filevine Project Email Address 
Subject: Camren Trice


SECURITY ALERT! This message is from an outside sender! Please review with caution and only open links you know are safe. Please click the “Report Phishing” button on your tool bar to report this message to the security team for review.

________________________________



Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, Camren Trice.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm

## 15:35:43

Request for bills sent to Foundation Radiology via ChartSwap

## 15:28:22

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:22:34

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:17:42

Request for records & bills e-mailed to Louisville Metro EMS

## 15:17:08

__Camren Trice__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [OMBMRR@louisvilleky.gov](mailto:OMBMRR@louisvilleky.gov) OMB MEDICAL RECORDS REQUESTS
Cc: [CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Camren Trice - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 14:16:46 -0500

Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, Camren Trice.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm

## 15:12:42

Request for records & bills e-mailed to UofL Hospital

## 15:12:29

__Camren Trice__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org), [ulhcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ulhcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org) UofL Health - Medical Center Southwest
Cc: [CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CamrenTriceMVAZ4443612@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Camren Trice - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Mon, 29 Jan 2024 14:12:08 -0500

Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, Camren Trice.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm

## 14:00:07

New Medical Provider Added

## 13:59:36

New Medical Provider Added

## 13:59:17

New Medical Provider Added

## 12:34:58

Phase Change: File Set Up

## 12:34:14

__Phase Changed By:__ Justin
__Old Status:__ Potential New Client
__New Status:__ File Setup
 #status

## 12:33:29

Signed intake attached. Heads up he has some pretty serious injuries to be treating at Starlite. 

Ref - Moe

Name: Camren Trice
Address: 5302 Robinwood Rd 40218
Cell: 502-440-2057
Email: Camren.trice24@gmail.com
DOB: 11/30/2004
SS: 404-67-7250

DOA: 1/28/24 at 5am
MVA - Vehicle P was in lost control in the rain and struck 3 poles and a sign.
Happened on Bardstown Rd

LMPD responded no info

Passenger, Drivers name was Justin Gerthy 

EMS to UofL
Treating at Starlite
Injuries: torn ligaments in L arm, Fractured L elbow, back pain, lacerations and scrapes all over 

Employment: Scribbles and Giggles Day Care Job title: Staff member Hourly wage: 13.00

Employment: FedEx
Job Title: Package handler
Hourly wage: 16.15

PIP/BI: unsure

PL/Def Vehicle: GMC Truck is all he knows
