---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-21

**Case:** [[cases/steven-smothers-mva-5-13-2023/steven-smothers-mva-5-13-2023|Steven Smothers MVA 5/13/2023]]

## 10:43:59

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.21 Recvd CB from KFB - Sending LOR Ack w/PIP App within 2 Days - States $0.00 Paid to Date - States Client never completed PIP App
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Kentucky Farm Bureau
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 10:43:30

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.21 Recvd CB from KFB - Sending LOR Ack w/PIP App within 2 Days
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Kentucky Farm Bureau
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 10:42:03

__New Voice Message from KY FARM BUREAU (502) 495-5000 on 03/21/2024 10:37 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2024 14:37:30 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY FARM BUREAU (502) 495-5000 
*Received:* Thursday, March 21, 2024 at 10:37 AM 
*Length:* 00:54 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Yes, Miss Tuttle, this is Lisa with Kentucky Farm Bureau and I am 
returning a call that you sent on top of an email and on top of calling my 
management, I did not receive a letter from you all until today when I got 
that email that has been uploaded and we will be doing the acknowledgment 
and All that nothing has been paid on Mr. Smothers claim because he never 
completed a PIP application, so I am not sure why when he hired you all, he 
did not give you the information we had given him. I am not sure why, but 
if you have any other questions, you are more than welcome to give me a 
call. Back at 502-493-7691. And again, we will be sending out a letter over 
with a copy of a PIP application to have it completed by your client 
probably within the next 2 days. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 09:59:41

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.21 Recvd KFB PIP Adj email stating KFB PIP Unit does not use email correspondence - Called Adj LVM
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Kentucky Farm Bureau
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 09:58:16

__RE: Claim 04860850 - Steven Smothers__
From: "LaLonde, Lisa"  [Lisa.LaLonde@kyfb.com](mailto:Lisa.LaLonde@kyfb.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2024 10:58:37 +0000

Please note that the Pip Unit of Kentucky Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance does not process claims for reparations benefits through the use of electronic mail, so a separate response will not be sent and this email address is not continuously monitored.



For a secure method of submission please submit invoices or correspondence by fax or mail to Kentucky Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Company, PO Box 20600, Louisville, KY 40250 or Fax to 502-493-7646. Please include a claim number on all documentation submitted.



If you have additional questions, please feel free to give me a call.


[cid:image001.png@01DA7B5D.319F0110]
Lisa???? LaLonde
 | Claim Representative II, Personal Injury Protection Unit
Kentucky Farm Bureau Insurance
PO Box 20600, Louisville, KY 40250-9805
Office: (502) 493-7691
|
Fax: (502) 493-7646
kyfb.com | Member login

From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Wednesday, March 20, 2024 3:04 PM
To: LaLonde, Lisa 
Subject: Claim 04860850 - Steven Smothers

Good afternoon Lisa,
    Please find attached our office's letter of representation that was sent to you on June 1, 2023. Unfortunately, our file shows we have not received any acknowledgement of this representation to date. Please forward your Letter of Representation Acknowledgement to us as soon as possible. Also at this time, we would like to request an up to date copy of your file including any and all medical records and/or billing you have received as well as a payment ledger reflecting any payments to date including medical payments & indemnity payments. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
