---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-16

**Case:** [[cases/william-mullins-mva-01-07-2023/william-mullins-mva-01-07-2023|William Mullins MVA 01/07/2023]]

## 16:15:17

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2024-01-16 19:26:55.592000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 6158746813 

Caller ID: 615-874-6813 

Caller Name: rhonda woodson 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/11380086

## 15:28:52

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 1/16/24 calm
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Aaron Whaley
 #negotiations

## 11:44:08

__FW: Uriah Hester meeting.__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [WilliamMullinsZ3133802@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:WilliamMullinsZ3133802@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 16 Jan 2024 10:43:34 -0500

 

 

From: Jared KruegerSent: Tuesday, January 16, 2024 10:40 AMTo: jeff@slftrial.com; nwilson@kylawoffice.com; bryce@whaleylawfirm.comSubject: RE: Uriah Hester meeting.

 

Dear All,

 

Yesterday I misspoke. The Policy we are dealing with is a $25/$50. I think I said $50/$100. I apologize for the confusion on my end.

 

Sincerely,

 

Jared D. Krueger

 

From: Jared Krueger Sent: Monday, January 15, 2024 12:34 PMTo: 'jeff@slftrial.com' ; 'nwilson@kylawoffice.com' ; 'bryce@whaleylawfirm.com' Subject: Uriah Hester meeting.

 

Dear all,

 

I have spoken with you each prior to today and have set up a meeting for us to hash out this issue for 1 pm today. In this message is the link that you can access the meeting with.

 

----------

Jared Krueger is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.

Join Zoom Meeting

https://us04web.zoom.us/j/79712411432?pwd=7cUHE2PwVN5fU4pcCZ0D8NmNGZOwk4.1

Meeting ID: 797 1241 1432

Passcode: 2HfPj2

----------

 

Jared D. Krueger

Attorney

Kriz, Jenkins & Prewitt, P.S.C.

444 East Main Street, Suite 104

P.O. Box 499

Lexington, KY 40588

Phone: (859) 255-6885, ext. 104

Facsimile: (859)253-9709

 

 

 

 

 

Confidential Communication

This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity whom it is addressed.  This communication may contain material protected by attorney-client privilege.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering the email to the intended recipient, be advised that you have received this email in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing, or copying of this email and any file attachments is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this email in error, please notify us by telephone at (859) 255-6885 or by reply email to the sender.  You must destroy the original transmission and its contents.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.
