---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-03

**Case:** [[cases/henry-hillerich-mva-7-9-2021/henry-hillerich-mva-7-9-2021|Henry Hillerich MVA 7/9/2021]]

## 10:00:04

Draft Complaint & Interrogatories for Attorney Approval

## 12:10:30

__NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit , HILLERICH,  HENRY VS. DRIVER,  UNKNOWN ET AL Envelope # 6226640__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Bryce@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 3 Jul 2023 12:06:54 -0400

 Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: July 03, 2023 at 12:04PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: HILLERICH, HENRY VS. DRIVER, UNKNOWN ET AL

Envelope Number: 6226640

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
COMPLAINT / PETITION: MVA UM COMPLAINT
INTERROGATORIES & REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS: PL DISC REQ TO DEF 
GEICO

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=6226640

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=7D25BC0D-E4B5-40E0-B568-F2975EFB9877

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 12:09:50

__New Litigation Note:__ False
__Written by:__ Sarena

## 12:06:15

Filed MVA Complaint - UM via CourtNet Envelope 6226640 along w/Disc Req PP Def Geico - Added Expenses $294.40 #Lit #Complaint #DiscReq #Exp

## 09:58:35

Claim has been Approved for Filing - Activate Approved for Filing TaskFlow

## 10:00:21

__New Litigation Note:__ UM Complaint
__Written by:__ Bryce

## 09:58:51

__Phase Changed By:__ Bryce
__Old Status:__ 
__New Status:__ Litigation

## 09:58:36

Phase Changed: Litigation

## 08:11:33

@stuttle @bryce3 need to file suit to preserve SOL

## 08:11:38

@stuttle @bryce3 need to file suit to preserve SOL
