---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-07"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-07

**Case:** [[cases/jeremy-harris-mva-8-4-2022/jeremy-harris-mva-8-4-2022|Jeremy Harris MVA 8/4/2022]]

## 17:03:42

__Follow up to call__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sgpfalife1@gmail.com](mailto:sgpfalife1@gmail.com) Jeremy Harris, [jeremyharrisz2009371@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jeremyharrisz2009371@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jeremy Harris MVA 8/4/2022
Date: Tue, 7 Mar 2023 16:03:24 -0500

Jeremy, I wanted to follow up our conversation. If you are having problems
that you believe are related to the August 4, 2022 accident please see
medical professionals. I would advise against seeing a chiropractor. This
long after the accident a chiropractor is unlikely to be of benefit. If you
have injuries related to the accident they would be more severe than what a
chiropractor would treat. I will need a medical Dr. to say that any pain
and suffering you are experiencing is related to the accident. You also
mentioned having some stress issues related to the accident. Without
medical testimony that is not something that would be considered so please
see someone about this. For your benefit as well as for the case. Please
see medical providers that take your health insurance. There is limited
funds available and health insurance decreases the cost to you.

Lastly, you mentioned missing time working for Lyft and Instacart. Please
provide me with payment information for the month prior to the accident
from Lyft and Instacart. I will need this to have it considered.

Jeremy, I want to reiterate what we spoke about. What has been considered
regarding your injuries is one visit to Injury Care Chiropractic and 10
visits to Synergy. The last visit being September 8, 2022.  I know you said
that you left care from Synergy because of the issue we discussed with the
MRI but Synergy discharged you as having reached maximum improvement. There
is a discharge letter that you signed. They advised that if you had more
problems in the future to follow up with your primary care physician. It
has been 6 months since the discharge. It is going to be very difficult to
get a medical Dr. to relate any problems you are having now to the August
accident. The defense is going to ask why if you were having problems you
waited 6 months.

I think it is very unlikely that we get more money offered for you. I think
it is even more unlikely that we will get more money for you to put in your
pocket. I appreciate the stress and the difficulties of life but those are
not things that are considered when figuring out compensation. I have
included a spreadsheet of car accident verdicts in Jefferson County 2018 to
2021. There are 24 verdicts. Of those 24 verdicts 11 awarded $0.00 for pain
and suffering. 13 of the 24 verdicts would result in $0.00 for the
plaintiff if you consider attorney fee and $4,000 in expenses. Only 7 of
the 24 verdicts resulted in amounts to the Plaintiff more than what you can
walk with. Every single one of the 7 had more serious injuries than yours.

I am not arguing with you because I think this money makes up for
everything you have gone through. I am arguing with you because I know how
the system works and the system is not going to be kind to you.  You are a
good guy and seem like a good father trying to do right by his son.  I can
appreciate that. I would be willing to waive my fee and give you all
$11,000.  Just give me a good review on Google. :-)
--

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NpRkRPJKnxmxJjOJUhRUI8ZzL4IGdxuOHo2fco7ftIo/edit?usp=sharing

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:27:36

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-03-07 17:37:28.471000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5023022189 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189, Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189 

Caller Name: Jeremy Harris 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6416107

## 13:42:31

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-03-07 17:35:22.823000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 5023022189 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189, Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189 

Caller Name: Jeremy Harris 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6416107 

Voicemail Transcription:

## 13:42:30

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-03-07 17:20:14.465000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5023022189 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189, Personal Mobile:(502) 302-2189 

Caller Name: Jeremy Harris 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6416107
