---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-07

**Case:** [[cases/raymond-vannerson-mva-6-19-2018/raymond-vannerson-mva-6-19-2018|Raymond Vannerson MVA 6/19/2018]]

## 16:21:47

__Re: Raymond Vannerson__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 7 Dec 2022 15:20:25 -0500

Just got off the phone with Queen,
Advised her that JF checked on check today but has not received a response
however noted that we will pick up the check as soon as it is ready.

Advised her that AW was able to get reductions on Raymond's child support -
She stated that IVD 5054613  ($9k)  should not be under lien anymore, he
set up payment arrangements and has been making his payments.

Notice Final Settlement Letter is for IVD 1344709 ($21K) only, Queen states
that Raymond has not been established as biological father and child OD'd
approximately 10 years ago. In her opinion he should not be held
accountable until paternity is established. Also, does $4k payment
eliminate debt altogether or just a payment toward lien balance?

Advised her to reach out to the child support attorney on why IVD 1344709
is still showing up & I would pass this information along to you for
consideration.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Dec 7, 2022 at 3:05 PM Joel Franklin 
wrote:

> Settlement sheet is an Aaron question. Greg asked when he was getting the
> releases and that he has the check. I told him to check his email from
> Monday where you sent him the releases. Once he confirms I will let you
> know and someone from your all’s office can pick it up from Greg’s office.
>
>
>
> Best,
>
>
>
> Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
>
>
>
> *From: *Sarena Tuttle 
> *Date: *Wednesday, December 7, 2022 at 2:55 PM
> *To: *Joel Franklin 
> *Cc: *Aaron Whaley 
> *Subject: *Re: Raymond Vannerson
>
> Awesome.
>
> Queen called for a status moments ago - I will call her back and let her
> know.
>
> Do we have a new settlement Itemization for her or using the old one?
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 357-9971
>
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Dec 7, 2022 at 1:50 PM Joel Franklin 
> wrote:
>
> FYI, I emailed Greg this morning about the status of the check and haven’t
> heard back. I’ll be out of town tomorrow. I’ll be back Monday. We might
> need someone from your office to drive down the street and pick the check
> up from Greg. I’ve already sent him the executed release. There should not
> be a hold up.
>
>
>
> Best,
>
>
>
> Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
>
>
>
> *From: *Aaron Whaley 
> *Date: *Wednesday, December 7, 2022 at 1:18 PM
> *To: *Sarena Tuttle , Joel Franklin <
> joel@franklininjury.com>
> *Subject: *Raymond Vannerson
>
> See attached new settlement statement and negotiated payoff with child
> support.
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
>

## 16:20:55

__Re: Raymond Vannerson__
From: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 7 Dec 2022 20:05:56 +0000

Settlement sheet is an Aaron question. Greg asked when he was getting the releases and that he has the check. I told him to check his email from Monday where you sent him the releases. Once he confirms I will let you know and someone from your all’s office can pick it up from Greg’s office.

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.

From: Sarena Tuttle 
Date: Wednesday, December 7, 2022 at 2:55 PM
To: Joel Franklin 
Cc: Aaron Whaley 
Subject: Re: Raymond Vannerson
Awesome.
Queen called for a status moments ago - I will call her back and let her know.
Do we have a new settlement Itemization for her or using the old one?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Dec 7, 2022 at 1:50 PM Joel Franklin > wrote:
FYI, I emailed Greg this morning about the status of the check and haven’t heard back. I’ll be out of town tomorrow. I’ll be back Monday. We might need someone from your office to drive down the street and pick the check up from Greg. I’ve already sent him the executed release. There should not be a hold up.

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.

From: Aaron Whaley >
Date: Wednesday, December 7, 2022 at 1:18 PM
To: Sarena Tuttle >, Joel Franklin >
Subject: Raymond Vannerson
See attached new settlement statement and negotiated payoff with child support.

--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 16:22:05

__Raymond Vannerson__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 7 Dec 2022 13:18:34 -0500

See attached new settlement statement and negotiated payoff with child
support.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
