---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-03

**Case:** [[cases/asgelia-todd-wc-03-13-2023/asgelia-todd-wc-03-13-2023|Asgelia Todd WC 03/13/2023]]

## 13:27:51

@bryce3 @aaronw IN WC - Client has been given restrictions of No Use of Left Arm - New Employer unable to accommodate - WC Adj is denying TTD - Please Advise

## 13:25:57

__New Voice Message from TODD ASGELIA (502) 712-6221 on 10/03/2023 11:12 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 3 Oct 2023 15:13:04 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* TODD ASGELIA (502) 712-6221 
*Received:* Tuesday, October 03, 2023 at 11:12 AM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, this is Ashley. Reaching out, I was just wondering if he was 
able to get my working settled. I started looked into it or any of that. 
And also you can reach me at 502-712-6221. Thank you, bye bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 13:25:49

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
