---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-20

**Case:** [[cases/alisha-mattice-mva-06-07-22/alisha-mattice-mva-06-07-22|Alisha Mattice MVA 06/07/22]]

## 13:55:10

__New Insurance Note:__ 8/25 client returned for additional treatment
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Geico Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin

## 13:54:40

__FW: Alisha G Mattice's Release on GEICO Claim 8760740180000001__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AlishaMatticeZ1729999@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AlishaMatticeZ1729999@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2023 13:54:30 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: geico@email3.geico.com  
Sent: Thursday, April 20, 2023 1:53 PM
To: JCHUMBLEY.WLF@GMAIL.COM
Subject: Alisha G Mattice's Release on GEICO Claim 8760740180000001

 

   


This email message is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution of this email is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all paper and electronic copies of the original message.

## 13:34:29

check and release being sent at same time via snail mail

## 13:34:13

Phase Changed: Settlement

## 13:31:25

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Spoke with client, obtained authority to pull trigger 
__Person Making Contact:__ Justin
__Date & Time__: April 20 2023

## 13:31:04

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:10:53

__FW: GEICO Communication ID: <5ntb1Atzdn0OkXUpAtzR8oMbl/RtWaAe0PX3XHBvBtj3298cNL/SVN3ifMLMGvHS>-  Do Not Modify__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AlishaMatticeZ1729999@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AlishaMatticeZ1729999@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Apr 2023 13:10:45 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: myclaim@geicomail.com  
Sent: Thursday, April 20, 2023 12:59 PM
To: jchumbley.wlf@gmail.com
Subject: GEICO Communication ID: <5ntb1Atzdn0OkXUpAtzR8oMbl/RtWaAe0PX3XHBvBtj3298cNL/SVN3ifMLMGvHS>- Do Not Modify

 




 


                

        

                


 



GEICO Indemnity Company

Your Claim Number: 8760740180000001


 

 

 

 




IMPORTANT Claim Information




**Responses to this email will be sent to the adjuster handling your bodily injury claim.

 




Hello ,




This email is in regards to Alisha Mattice.

 




Unfortunately, our attempt to contact you by phone was unsuccessful. 

 

We are in receipt of the additional billing and treatment from Interventional Pain Specialist.  Based on the records, Ms.Mattice treated approximately 3 times with the facility with ongoing neck pain with occipital headaches.  It appears she has had 1 trigger point injection. 

 

In consideration of the above, we are increasing our offer to $6,500.00 exclusive of PIP. Please relay and discuss the offer with your client.  We look to reaching an amicable settlement with you soon. 




If you need to contact me or have any questions, please respond to this email. You can also attach and send me any documents in regards to your claim. You may also view your claim at geico.com or the GEICO Mobile App.

 




Sincerely,

Myderia Pittman




Please Note: When replying to this email, please do not change the subject line. This specific subject is needed to make sure I receive your message.

 





 

THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT IS ADDRESSED, OR FOR WHOM IT IS INTENDED, AND MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL, AND EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. IF THE READER OF THIS MESSAGE IS NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT ANY DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION, OR COPYING OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS MESSAGE IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY THE SENDER IMMEDIATELY AND PERMANENTLY DELETE AND/OR DESTROY THE ORIGINAL AND ANY COPIES/PRINTOUTS OF THIS MESSAGE. IF YOUR RESPONSE TO THIS MESSAGE EXCEEDS 50 MB, YOUR REPLY WILL NOT BE DELIVERABLE.  






  

 




	
  

  

  

  




 


GEICO Indemnity Company

One GEICO Plaza, Washington, D.C. 20076

 

====================
This email/fax message is for the sole use of the intended
recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information.
Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution of this
email/fax is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
destroy all paper and electronic copies of the original message.
