---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-13

**Case:** [[cases/braylen-spearman-mva-06-07-2022/braylen-spearman-mva-06-07-2022|Braylen Spearman MVA 06/07/2022]]

## 20:00:25

Contact Braylen Spearman at  and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 20:00:24

Does Braylen Spearman need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)

If Braylen Spearman needs lost wages paid Then check yes in the checklist and follow up.

## 20:00:22

1. Does Braylen Spearman need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Braylen Spearman need's their car fixed Please follow up and note Yes in the Checklist.

## 20:00:23

Did Braylen Spearman go to the Hospital?  Yes, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and Mark it as Treatment Complete

## 20:00:23

1. Do we have the Police Report? 
2. Do we have the Civilian Report? 

If any answer is Yes then complete this task  If all answers are No then follow up on the appropriate report.

## 17:26:59

Move to set up phase and assign to appropriate claim specialist

## 17:26:59

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Passenger and son of current client Donnita Wilson for 6.7.22 MVA

__Incident Date__
6/7/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Minor__
Yes

__Related Contacts__
Donnita Wilson (Additional Plaintiff)


__Client Information__
Donnita Wilson

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Location of Accident__
Louisville

__Were pictures taken of the injuries?__
No

__Injury Notes__
back pain, sore all over

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
Yes

__EMS Services__
Transport to Hospital

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
ULP Physicians (this one for Kosair ER doctor bill)

__Date of Visit__
6/7/2022

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Synergy Rehab

__First Date of Treatment__
6/13/2022

__Employment Status:__
Not working at the time of accident

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
6/13/2022 1:41:06 PM - Brandon French - Added lead in Pending Signup status / Electronic Signature - Passenger with Donnita Wilson. We have all of the details from the MVA on her intake.

Client has passport but mother did not have his card and will have to text it to us at a later time. 
-----------------End Note-----------------
