---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-07"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-07

**Case:** [[cases/addison-russo-mva-3-10-2022/addison-russo-mva-3-10-2022|Addison Russo MVA 3/10/2022]]

## 14:03:53

__Re: Client Addison Russo Claim 048767280__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Ebonni.Dailey@libertymutual.com](mailto:Ebonni.Dailey@libertymutual.com) Dailey, Ebonni, [addisonrussoz2103225@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:addisonrussoz2103225@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Addison Russo
Date: Tue, 7 Nov 2023 13:03:37 -0500

Ebonni, I have a question regarding your offer. You state that you will not
consider any treatment past 4/7/22 due to gaps in treatment. What do you
define as "a gap in treatment"? What is the basis for not accepting any
treatment after a "gap in treatment"?

On Tue, Nov 7, 2023 at 12:14?PM Dailey, Ebonni <
Ebonni.Dailey@libertymutual.com> wrote:

> Good afternoon Mr. Whaley,
>
>             It was a pleasure speaking with you today, below is my offer
> breakdown for your client Addison Russo. As discussed, once you get further
> information to explain the several gaps in treatment feel free to forward
> to me for my review. I am generally in the office between the hours of
> 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM CST, Monday through Friday and can be contacted at (832)
> 349-7042.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> -I will accept first day of treatment on 4/7/22.
> -I will not accept any treatment after 4/7/22 due to multiple gaps in
> between treatment.
>
> -The ER bill amount is $2,433
>
> -I will add an additional $250 for pain and suffering
>
> -I have to consider the State Farm PIP offset of $2,433
>
> -Which leads to my offer of $250.
>
>
>
> Have a blessed day!
>
>
>
> *Ebonni Dailey*
> Casualty Claims Resolution Specialist III
> *????????????*
>
> Liberty Mutual Insurance
> Office: (832) 349 - 7042
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:31:52

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 11/7 only accepted first date of treatment. ER only.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations

## 13:06:19

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 10/13 Gave additional time to respond to demand. Should have response by 11/13 $250
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ SafeCo Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations
