---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-27"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-27

**Case:** [[cases/queen-huntsman-mva-12-12-2022/queen-huntsman-mva-12-12-2022|Queen Huntsman MVA 12/12/2022]]

## 16:00:56

__Re: Queen Huntsman__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com),  Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 27 Feb 2023 14:39:43 -0500

Gave Client a call - She is currently at the doctor's office - She will
send in Claim details once she gets home - Advised PD Release Signed but
thinks Ins sent her a cold check - Will need to discuss further

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Feb 24, 2023 at 4:54?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Here is the signed retainer agreement on her new case. I made a Project
> for her. Oddly seems like it might be good case. Please follow up with her.
>
> On Mon, Feb 13, 2023 at 11:20 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> If she was not injured there is no case.
>>
>> On Mon, Feb 13, 2023 at 11:18 AM Faye Gaither 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Queen called again this am (very tearful) re: her accident with a
>>> semi-truck (Cowan Systems - owner) - she said they sent her a check for her
>>> PD ($2,210) - on Friday call she said they sent a "cold check" - today she
>>> said that her bank is allowing her to place it in her savings acct - but
>>> will need to "put hold" on it for 20 days.
>>> Of Course her electric bill is due Wed -  said she completed  intake for
>>> Whaley Law and needs to know if you will take her case - (she did not
>>> sustain injuries that I am aware of) however she is going to need to "make
>>> a loan $400-$500" to pay her electric bill. Please advise....
>>> Faye
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 15:36:41

Called Client - She advised Semi attempted to make illegal turn - Struck Driver Side of her vehicle and Semi continued to move forward pulling car partially under Semi - She has signed Release for PD but states they sent her a cold check - She is currently at the doctor but will send in additional information once she is home #cc

## 12:02:33

Mrs. Huntsman, It's the Whaley Law Firm. Please forward any information you have for your 2/11/23 motor vehicle accident. Police report information, location, who was driving etc.
