---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-08

**Case:** [[cases/henry-bonta-mva-8-31-21/henry-bonta-mva-8-31-21|Henry Bonta MVA 8/31/21]]

## 12:13:41

__recorded statement__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [heather@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:heather@whaleylawfirm.com) Heather Talty
Cc: [HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 8 Mar 2022 11:13:24 -0500

Did this happen yesterday?

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:52:54

__Re:__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [hbonta22@gmail.com](mailto:hbonta22@gmail.com) Henry Bonta
Cc: [HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HenryBontaMVAZ954655@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 8 Mar 2022 10:52:40 -0500

Henry, the insurance adjuster has asked you for an estimate on the damage.
She says she has had difficulty reaching you. I have also had a lot of
difficulty reaching you.  In fact, your email yesterday is responding to an
email I sent 5 days prior.  Please return the rental if you
haven't already. Please get an estimate for the damage to your car.


On Mon, Mar 7, 2022 at 5:13 PM Henry Bonta  wrote:

> Well first of all nobody told me i was supposed to give the insurance
> company anything so i don't know what you're talkin about sir!!
>
> On Wed, Mar 2, 2022, 10:26 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Its been 6 weeks. If you haven't given the insurance company what they
>> need in that amount of time I don't know how to help you.
>>
>> On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 9:59 AM Henry Bonta  wrote:
>>
>>> And what am i supposed to do for a car in the mean
>>>
>>> On Wed, Mar 2, 2022, 9:55 AM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Henry, my office has been trying to call you. For a while. The
>>>> insurance company needs to do a recorded statement. That is what is going
>>>> on. That is what I keep asking for. Is the 502-526-8594 number good?  You
>>>> need to return the rental.
>>>> My office texted you on January 25 and February 22. We left you
>>>> voicemails on January 27,  Faye spoke to you on February 1 and you said you
>>>> could do the statement on February 2. We were not able to get it scheduled
>>>> on that short notice. We were able to get it scheduled for February 3 at
>>>> 10:00. Faye called and left a message on February 2 advising the same.
>>>> Faye called again on February 15 and left a message. Another message and
>>>> letter on February 21.  Called again on February 24 and there was no
>>>> voicemail option. I emailed you two days ago. The adjuster working on your
>>>> property damage claim told us that you are not responding to her and that
>>>> you have not gotten an estimate yet and have not provided any of the
>>>> information she has asked for. They provided you with a rental for 6 weeks.
>>>> Again, you need to return the rental TODAY.
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, Mar 1, 2022 at 6:53 PM Henry Bonta  wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Alright so what's going on? Are you gonna be able to do anything to
>>>>> help me out of the situation that I'm in I've been patient and it doesn't
>>>>> seem like you're doin anything to help me out. I just received a message
>>>>> from enterprise sayin that their about to close the case on it and report
>>>>> it stolen!!
>>>>>           Like i said I've been patient it's been 7 months and i
>>>>> haven't heard anything about any money. Now i know you can work something
>>>>> out to get me some money or at least take care of the insurance so i don't
>>>>> loose the rental or worse get arrested for stealin the car!!
>>>>>           So just let me know if you can do something to help me out
>>>>> of the situation that i'm in or am i gonna need to find me another lawyer
>>>>> who can help me out if you can't just let me know something!!
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>                     Sincerely::
>>>>>                        Henry Bonta!!
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Feb 28, 2022, 11:22 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Henry, we have been trying to call you. We have called the
>>>>>> 502-526-8594 number. Is that number good? We need to schedule a recorded
>>>>>> statement. Call my office and talk to Heather to get that scheduled.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Sat, Feb 26, 2022 at 5:41 AM Henry Bonta 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> So what's going on?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Mon, Feb 21, 2022, 10:45 PM Henry Bonta 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On February 14!!
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022, 1:33 PM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Henry when did you last speak to Capital Now?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022 at 1:39 AM Henry Bonta 
>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Mr. Whaley:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>                      My name is Henry Bonta you don't know me but
>>>>>>>>>> i'm a client of yours. Look man i'm in a tight spot your agency was able to
>>>>>>>>>> get me a rental car but it was left up to me to pay out of pocket for the
>>>>>>>>>> insurance. Now here's the problem i don't have the money to pay for it.
>>>>>>>>>>         So i was wondering if there was anyway i could get a cash
>>>>>>>>>> advance from my settlement to pay for the insurance because I'm in jeopardy
>>>>>>>>>> of losing the car rental. I'm sure you can help me out or maybe you can
>>>>>>>>>> work something out to where the insurance is taken out from my settlement.
>>>>>>>>>> I can't loose the rental car because i need to get to and from work and Dr
>>>>>>>>>> appointments.
>>>>>>>>>>        Or maybe you can tell me if you're close to gettin my
>>>>>>>>>> settlement done. Or at least get me some money to replace my car that i
>>>>>>>>>> lost so i can turn in the rental. I'm sure you can work something out for
>>>>>>>>>> me to help me out or do i need to hire me another attorney. Let me
>>>>>>>>>> know what you think and what you can do. I mean i'm a patient man it's been
>>>>>>>>>> six months it took me 5 months to get the rental car.
>>>>>>>>>>          I applied to capital funding and was declined and now i
>>>>>>>>>> have to wait 30 days to reapply so let me know as soon as possible please!!
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>             Sincerely yours:
>>>>>>>>>>                         Henry Bonta!!
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
