---
schema_version: 2
date: "2025-06-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2025-06-04

**Case:** [[cases/mark-smith-sr-mva-5-31-2025/mark-smith-sr-mva-5-31-2025|Mark Smith Sr. MVA 5/31/2025]]

## 10:28:44

Incoming Fax From USAA Insurance Company (800) 531-8722 Page Count:5

## 14:50:22

__FW: Claim Message from USAA__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MarkSmithSrMVAZ5020968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MarkSmithSrMVAZ5020968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed Jun 04 2025 02:50:17 GMT-04:00

 

 

From: USAA  
Sent: Wednesday, June 4, 2025 2:48 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim Message from USAA

 


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add   3j7z9m3b3p7wh@claims.usaa.com to your address book. 

 

		

   

  



   

   


   

   

	
   


USAA SECURITY ZONE 


USAA # ending in:


   


   


   

		
		

  Claim Message

	
		

To Whom it May Concern

 

This correspondence is regarding the following USAA Claim:

 


USAA policyholder: 

Kathleen Halter


Claim number: 

001218586–803

 

Please see attached, thank you. 

 

You may reply to this message. If you need to provide documentation, you can attach documents to your email. We can’t guarantee the security of any medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by email.

 


Email Delivery Criteria 


To ensure delivery of your email, please make sure it meets the following criteria: 

 


*        

The size of the message can’t exceed 30 MB.


*        

These attachments are supported: .bmp, .jpe, .jpeg, .jpg, .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls and .xlsx.


*        

Individual attachments must not exceed 7 MB.


*        

Include no more than 10 attachments.


*        

Attachments can’t be password-protected.

 

Sincerely,

 

   

Payton Paro

San Antonio Injury Claims

United Services Automobile Association

 

[COMUID:4aa5d68a-4e9b-45a6-8fc8-70a8cdcac185]


a

		
	
		
	
 	

   

	Go Digital
Review and edit your online document preferences at usaa.com  . 

 



  

        

                    

		
		


  Privacy Promise

   United Services Automobile Association, 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288

    

  

	  


  

	   128362-0125                  Need Roadside Assistance — Help is on the way !
                           Visit our USAA mobile app   or Claims Center   24/7.

## 14:45:33

__New Insurance Note:__ 6/4 liability has been accepted. more than minimum policy ack letter in route
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ USAA Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #Inotes

## 13:33:50

__FW: 17-85Q9-36Q__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MarkSmithSrMVAZ5020968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MarkSmithSrMVAZ5020968@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [MarkSmithJrMVAZ5020972@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MarkSmithJrMVAZ5020972@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed Jun 04 2025 01:33:43 GMT-04:00

 

 

From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  
Sent: Wednesday, June 4, 2025 1:32 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: 17-85Q9-36Q

 

 

 

RE:  Mark Smith Jr and Sr 

 

I find no UIM coverage in this household.  

 

Please see the attached household coverage information.  

Please review and notify us in the event this information is incorrect or if
anyone residing in your client's household has other vehicles or insurance
that may provide additional coverage.

Please advise the purpose of the trip if your client was the driver. 

 

This is an acknowledgement of your representation. 

 

 

 

Shawna Rice 

Claims Specialist 

PO Box 106171

Atlanta, GA 30348

 

Phone - 615-692-3515

Fax - 855-820-6318

 

statefarmclaims@statefarm.com
