---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-20"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-20

**Case:** [[cases/justice-mcclain-mva-6-30-2023/justice-mcclain-mva-6-30-2023|Justice McClain MVA 6/30/2023]]

## 10:53:03

__The Whaley Law Firm-Justice Mcclain__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [nakiiamiller121479@gmail.com](mailto:nakiiamiller121479@gmail.com) Justice McClain
Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2024 09:52:45 -0500

Hi,

We've been trying to contact you related to your vehicle accident that
happened on 06/30/2023. We need to know how you are related to Jolie M.
Odia, who has the same address as yours. I'll also attach an affidavit of
no insurance that you need to fill up and return to us.

Please contact us as soon as possible if you have any questions.

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 09:25:53

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 09:25:52

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:25:05

A call from Jessa  Galosmo was logged at 2024-02-20 13:20:11.403000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5133384335 

Caller ID: 513-338-4335 

Caller Name: Justice McClain 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16842483

## 09:24:59

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Still no answer from client. Went straight to vm. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Jessa
__Date & Time__: February 20 2024

## 09:24:09

__Re: Justice McClain - Claim # Claim#:054131008-02__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Kathleen.Redman@libertymutual.com](mailto:Kathleen.Redman@libertymutual.com) Redman, Kathleen
Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2024 08:23:51 -0500

Hi,

We apologize for the delay. I'm still trying to get intouch with our client
to get this information.

On Sun, Feb 18, 2024 at 6:08?PM Redman, Kathleen <
Kathleen.Redman@libertymutual.com> wrote:

>
>
> Hello Jessa,
>
>
>
>       Despite several requests, I still have not received everything
> requested on the above
>
>       claim.
>
>
>
>       Items still needed:
>
>
>
>       - Affidavit of No Insurance
>
>       - Proof of residency such as a utility bill, paycheck stub or
> redacted bank statement
>
>         and dated within the 30 days prior to the accident. A DRIVER’S
> LICENSE WILL
>
>         NOT BE ACCEPTED.
>
>       - Statemen
>
>       - A copy of their health insurance card
>
>
>
>       As I previously advised, the prior adjuster located another vehicle
> (2011 Ford
>
>      Taurus) registered at the same address as your client, registered to
> a person
>
>       Named Jolie M. Odia. Can you advise who this person is in relation
> to your client
>
>       and if they do in fact reside in the same household as Ms. McClain
>
>
>
>       As all required documents have not been received to date, we regret
> to inform you
>
>       that your client’s claim will remain denied.
>
>
>
> Should you have any information to submit to us in the future regarding
> this loss, we will gladly review it for a reconsideration of this claim as
> long as this information is submitted to us before any applicable statute
> of limitations expires.
>
>
>
> If you have any questions, please contact me.
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> *Kathy Redman*
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> *Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *
>
>
> *View claim status *
>
>
> *Check payment information *
>
>
>
> *View your Claims Representative's information *
>
> [image: Login ?] *Login  ?*
> 
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 054131008},{Exposure-Number : 02},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> NFFREEFORM_SF}]
>
>
> Policy Underwritten by * Safeco Insurance Company of America*
>
> ©2024 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
> Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
> WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
> Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
> states and the District of Columbia.
>
>
>
>
>
> *Kathy Redman *
>
> *Sr Claims Resolution Spec I*
> USRM Medical Claims
>
> Direct number: 317-428-4341
>
> Toll Free: 800-225-2467
>
> Fax: 888-268-8840
> Business Hours: Monday to Friday 7:00AM to 3:30PM EST
> ------------
>
>
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
