---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-04

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 12:16:36

Recvd call from Guardian - She did receive Notice of Extension - We requested until Jan 2023 - Judge Extended to April 2023 - Guardian will go by the bank next week & re-establish Blocked Account - Sending Check 6827 back to AW for re-issuance with Full Amount (Originally, $1800 held in escrow for Conduent Lien - Lien Reduced to $1300 see notes for exact amounts) #cc #Settlement

## 12:20:34

__New Voice Message from SAMANTHA FAWBUS (502) 712-7308 on 11/04/2022 11:54 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 4 Nov 2022 15:55:09 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* SAMANTHA FAWBUS (502) 712-7308 
*Received:* Friday, November 04, 2022 at 11:54 AM 
*Length:* 00:41 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Samantha Solomon. I'm sorry. I have been a crazy week 
at work this week. I talked to Tom today at the bank just about two minutes 
ago and he said I have there's no way to reopen that account. I have to 
come in and set up a whole new account. So I need to talk to my boss and 
see what day next week. I can possibly get off early or take an extended 
lunch and then I can make an appointment and once I do all that and get the 
account open. Then I will call you back with that information. Thank you so 
much. If you have any questions 502-712-7308. Thank you, bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
