---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-02

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 12:04:33

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM from yesterday - I was out of office - Attempted to Return Call - LVM 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: November 02 2023

## 12:04:20

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 12:03:49

__New Voice Message from FAWBUSH SAVANAH (502) 835-0670 on 11/01/2023 2:46 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 1 Nov 2023 18:47:28 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* FAWBUSH SAVANAH (502) 835-0670 
*Received:* Wednesday, November 01, 2023 at 2:46 PM 
*Length:* 00:16 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, this is Samantha Fabs. If you could give me a call back as 
soon as possible. My number is 528-35-0670. Thank you, An. And I am 
blessed." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:03:07

Recvd Former Client/Guardian VM - Simply requested Call Back - Attempted to Call - Went to VM - LVM #cc
