---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-26"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-26

**Case:** [[cases/vetta-bonner-mva-5-3-2023/vetta-bonner-mva-5-3-2023|Vetta Bonner MVA 5/3/2023]]

## 14:19:08

__Fwd: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (877) 2137258 - Sent__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [VettaBonnerMVAZ3766359@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:VettaBonnerMVAZ3766359@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2023 14:17:52 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Jun 26, 2023 at 2:17?PM
Subject: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (877) 2137258 - Sent
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Fax Transmission Result
------------------------------

Here are the results of the 2-page fax you sent from your phone number *(502)
357-9939, Ext. 113*

*Name* *Phone Number* *Date and Time* *Result*
+1 (877) 2137258 Monday, June 26, 2023 at 2:17 PM Sent
*Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax
format for transmission:*

*File Name* *Result*
2023.06.23 Intact Insurance Specialty Solutions denial letter - Vetta
Bonner.pdf Success
View this message on your RingCentral app
.


Thank you for using RingCentral!
------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.

## 14:17:07

__New Insurance Note:__ 6/26 sent denial letter for Occupational Accident Insurance to PIP adjuster via email and fax.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 14:14:58

__23-8085399__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Jeffrey_t_maynard@progressive.com](mailto:Jeffrey_t_maynard@progressive.com) Jeffrey T Maynard, [8772137258@rcfax.com](mailto:8772137258@rcfax.com)
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2023 14:13:44 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached denial of coverage for Occupational Accident Insurance
of our client Vetta Bonner. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:02:57

__Re: Vetta Bonner 0AB400179 not enrolled LOR response letter__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag  [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2023 11:01:50 -0400

Good morning Coleen,
   I greatly apologize for the delayed response. No, you do not need to
complete the documents as the letter is a denial of coverage. Apparently
Vetta did not opt to be enrolled prior to the accident, so there will be no
coverage. However, you will need to send this letter over to the PIP
carrier (if there is one) in order to get them to pay for medical expenses.
Also, I would advise Vetta to get enrolled in this coverage should she wish
to continue driving for Uber for any future incidents.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Jun 23, 2023 at 8:34?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Ms. Sarena,
>
> In regards to our client, Vetta Bonner, I received a letter from Intact
> Insurance, stating that our client was not enrolled in the Occupational
> Accident
> coverage. I also received forms for Claim #0AB400179 to be emailed to
> ondemandcf@intactinsurance.com. Just to confirm, I need to fill out this
> forms and send to the email provided to enrol Ms. Vetta in Occupational
> Accident coverage?
>
> Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Tucker, Jennifer R. 
> Date: Thu, Jun 22, 2023 at 5:35?PM
> Subject: Vetta Bonner 0AB400179 not enrolled LOR response letter
> To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com ,
> 502.364.9363@wilfax.com <502.364.9363@wilfax.com>
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> Please review the attached letter.
>
>
>
> Thank You,
>
>
>
> *Jennifer Tucker*
>
> Claim Representative
>
> Tel: (781) 332-9462
>
> Fax: 833.581.1334
>
> Email: jtucker@intactinsurance.com
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Confidentiality notice:
>
> The information contained in this email message including attachments is
> confidential and is intended only for the use of the individual or entity
> named above and others who have been specifically authorized to receive it.
> If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any
> use, unauthorized dissemination, distribution, or copying of this
> communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
> communication in error, please delete immediately or if any problems occur
> with transmission, please notify me immediately by telephone.
>
> Thank you.
>
