---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-21

**Case:** [[cases/victoria-miller-wc-12-30-2020/victoria-miller-wc-12-30-2020|Victoria Miller WC 12/30/2020]]

## 12:01:26

__Victoria Miller__
From: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 20 Jun 2022 16:00:15 -0400

Please call her tomorrow 715-7996

Faye

## 15:14:53

Returned Client VM - Just received referral to go back to hand specialist - Is moving - Can use her mother's address at 282 S. 38th Street, 40212 - Still email everything - Client will call when she has set Hand Specialist Follow Up Appt #cc #contactupd #Tx

## 15:14:00

__New Voice Message from Cameron Smith 105 on 06/21/2022 3:03 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 21 Jun 2022 19:03:15 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Cameron Smith 105 
*Received:* Tuesday, June 21, 2022 at 3:03 PM 
*Length:* 00:17 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Good afternoon Serena. This is Victoria Miller. I had left a message 
yesterday, but you are already gone for the day. If you could please give 
me a call back at your earliest convenience. My phone number is 
502-715-7996. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
