---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-12

**Case:** [[cases/diyun-byars-mva-7-17-21/diyun-byars-mva-7-17-21|Diyun Byars MVA 7/17/21]]

## 14:59:07

Recvd BI Adjuster request for Mr. Byars' Contact information - Provided in reply

## 14:58:39

__Re: Claim Number: 046285463 - Diyun Byars Notice of WD & Whitney Duncan Lien Release Claim#:046285463-11__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Jokantas ,  Jennifer"  [Jennifer.Jokantas@libertymutual.com](mailto:Jennifer.Jokantas@libertymutual.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 12 May 2022 14:58:10 -0400

502-888-5825
bossinairefounder78@gmail.com
665 South 40th Street
Louisville, KY 40211

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, May 12, 2022 at 2:27 PM Jokantas, Jennifer <
Jennifer.Jokantas@libertymutual.com> wrote:

>
>
> Hi Sarena,
>
>
>
> Thank you for the below email.
>
>
>
> Can you provide the best address and phone number to reach Diyun Byars?
>
>
>
> Thanks and have a great day!
>
>
>
> Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> Jennifer Jokantas
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> *Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *
>
>
> *View claim status *
>
>
> *Check payment information *
>
>
>
> *View your Claims Representative's information *
>
> [image: Login ?] *Login  ?*
> 
>
>
>
> [metadata: {Claim-Number : 046285463},{Exposure-Number : 11},{Category :
> Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
> BIFREEFORM_SF}]
>
>
> Policy Underwritten by * Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois*
>
> ©2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
> Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
> WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
> Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
> states and the District of Columbia.
>
>
>
>
>
> Jennifer Jokantas, AIC, SCLA
> Claims Resolution Specialist II
>
> Casualty Claims
>
> Liberty Mutual Insurance
>
> P.O. Box 5014
>
> Scranton, PA  18505-5014
>
> Direct Phone: 317-805-2624
>
> Fax: 866-567-1252
>
> Business Hours: Monday through Friday (7:00 AM to 4:00 PM EST)
>
>
>
> All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
> protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
> encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile
> .
>
>
>
> For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all
> correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!
>
>
>
> *To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to **www.libertymutual.com/privacy
> *
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Thursday, May 12, 2022 12:23 PM
> *To:* Jokantas, Jennifer 
> *Subject:* {EXTERNAL} Claim Number: 046285463 - Diyun Byars Notice of WD
> & Whitney Duncan Lien Release
>
>
>
> Good afternoon Jennifer,
>
>    Please find attached our notice of withdrawal from Mr. Byars claim & a
> release of the lien placed on his companion, Whitney Duncan's claim. If
> you have any questions please feel free to contact us directly to discuss
> them in further detail.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 365-9435
>
> O: (502) 583-4022
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>

## 12:24:47

All Notices of WD sent & Lien Holder notified - Archiving File

## 12:23:45

__Claim Number: 046285463 - Diyun Byars Notice of WD & Whitney Duncan Lien Release__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Jennifer.Jokantas@libertymutual.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 12 May 2022 12:23:14 -0400

Good afternoon Jennifer,
   Please find attached our notice of withdrawal from Mr. Byars claim & a
release of the lien placed on his companion, Whitney Duncan's claim. If
you have any questions please feel free to contact us directly to discuss
them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 12:20:54

Per FG Client has been calling repeatedly back to back this morning looking for his check - Called Mr. Byars and advised him that we have emailed our Notice of WD and no longer represent him - Advised we have notified the BI Adjuster and she will make any arrangements necessary - He became upset and stated that he did not ask for us not to represent him and that there are laws against this type of thing. Threatened to call "the top lawyer in Louisville" and that he will be contacting the news about this. I advised Mr. Byars he is welcome to contact another attorney and disconnected the call. #cc

## 11:53:20

Fax to Capital Now Funding (502) 709-9000 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 11:53:02

Fax to Conduent (847) 890-6883 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 11:49:35

Drafted and sent Notice of WD to Client via USPS & Email

## 11:43:06

__Your Motor Vehicle Collision July 17, 2021 - Withdrawal from Claim__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: bossinairefounder78@gmail.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 12 May 2022 11:40:37 -0400

Good afternoon Diyun,
   Please see the attached correspondence for more information.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 09:30:36

@jchumbley @fgaither @csmith @stuttle send decline rep letters to all insurance companies involved as well as lien holders. Give lien holders BI information. Tell Aptiva I am not representing anymore. Make a complete copy of clients file and print and mail it along with a decline rep letter.  I AM NOT ASSERTING A LIEN. I want to be rid of these people.
