---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-06

**Case:** [[cases/cire-flowers-mva-3-26-2023/cire-flowers-mva-3-26-2023|Cire Flowers MVA 3/26/2023]]

## 14:21:40

__Fwd: 2304101146__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2023 14:20:19 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

In regards to our client, Mr. Cire Flowers, I received an email from Ms.
Megan Murphy, the adjuster for Kemper Insurance, that they will be issuing
PIP payments under the policy for Mr. Flowers.
I just want to confirm as well, if I still need to request a copy of the
policy from them and state their exclusion for non owned auto, to be
forwarded to Allstate Insurance for KAC? Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Murphy, Meghan 
Date: Thu, Jul 6, 2023 at 1:57?PM
Subject: RE: 2304101146
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


We will be issuing PIP payments under the policy for him.

I have $4995.00 in bills from Anoited Hands Injury & Rehab.  I will issue
payment today.

That is all I have received to date.

Thanks



____
Meghan   Murphy
Adjuster 4, Casualty Specialist
Kemper Auto | American Access Casualty Company
2211 Butterfield Road
Downers Grove ,  IL
  60515
T  888.663.5443 x1542245 <888.663.5443%20x1542245>
E  mmurphy2@kemper.com
aains.com
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This communication may contain
confidential information intended only for the addressee(s). If you
received
this communication in error, please notify the sender and delete it from
your
system.

*From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
*Sent:* Wednesday, July 5, 2023 12:40 PM
*To:* Murphy, Meghan ; AAC Claim Status <
aacclaimstatus@kemper.com>;
CireFlowersZ3596099@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
*Subject:* Re: 2304101146



*CAUTION:*This email originated from outside of Kemper. Do not click links
or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know the content is
safe.



Hi Ms. Megan,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. In regards to our client, Cire
Flowers, we need a list of exclusions. Please send us a copy of the policy
and state the exclusion for non owned auto. We just need this information
to be submitted to Allstate Insurance for Kentucky Assigned Claims. Thank
you

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com



On Fri, Jun 30, 2023 at 8:51?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

Hi Ms. Megan,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. In regards to our client, Cire
Flowers, we need a list of exclusions. Please send us a copy of the policy
and state the exclusion for non owned auto. We just need this information
to be submitted to Allstate Insurance for Kentucky Assigned Claims. Thank
you

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 10:35:40

__New Insurance Note:__ 2023.07.06 called and spoke to Megan Murphy. She is speaking to supervisor today. Will email Coleen after.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Kemper
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 09:56:53

__New Insurance Note:__  they need a copy of the policy and the list of the exclusion for non owned auto from Kemper Insurance.
__Insurance Type:__ Kentucky Assigned Claims (KAC)
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 09:48:27

__Re: [External] 0710887589__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [claims@claims.allstate.com](mailto:claims@claims.allstate.com)
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2023 09:47:07 -0400

Hi,

This is noted. We are continuing to contact Kemper to obtain a copy of the
policy and the list of the exclusion for non owned auto. Once we receive
that information, we will send it as soon as possible. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Wed, Jul 5, 2023 at 6:02?PM Allstate Insurance <
allstate@service01.email-allstate.com> wrote:

> Log in to review.
> ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
>
> Claim *0710887589*
> [image: Allstate]
> 
> Hello Coleen,
>
> I'm sending you a copy of Suzie Pierce's email below:
>
> From: claims@claims.allstate.com
> Sent: Thursday, Jun 29, 2023 9:41 AM
> To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
> Subject: Re: [External] 0710887589
>
> They need to list the exclusion. When there is a vehicle that someone is
> in and has no insurance his coverage should roll over onto the vehicle he
> is driving... Please ask them for a copy of the policy and they state the
> exclusion for non owned auto.
>
> SUZIE PIERCE
> Allstate Insurance Company
> Phone: (615) 884-6544
> Fax: (855) 219-7494
> claims@claims.allstate.com
>
>
> JENNY BOLT
> Allstate Insurance Company
> Phone: (713) 277-9280
> Fax: (608) 373-7383
> claims@claims.allstate.com
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments,
> may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely
> for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the
> intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or
> copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message
> in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from
> your system.
>
> **** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID ****
>
> *** Conversation ID: FRbca4fac8bc1545 ***
>
>
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> From: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
> Sent: Wednesday, Jul 05, 2023 1:18 PM
> To: claims@claims.allstate.com
> Subject: [External] 0710887589
>
> Hi Ms. Jenny Bolt,
>
> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. In regards to our client, Mr. Cire
> Flowers, I just want to confirm what specific paperwork or information you
> need from us for the claim, so that I can provide you with
> complete documents and/or information. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
> Did you find this email useful?
>
> 
> 
> [image: Allstate]
> 
> MyClaim
> 
>   |   Tools & Resources
> 
>   |   Allstate.com
> 
> This email was sent to you at coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
> ? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
> 
>    |   Contact Us
> 
> P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T
> EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
>
