---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-21"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-21

**Case:** [[cases/cire-flowers-mva-3-26-2023/cire-flowers-mva-3-26-2023|Cire Flowers MVA 3/26/2023]]

## 15:36:18

Insurance Company Added

## 15:32:21

__Fwd: [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CireFlowersZ3596099@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CireFlowersZ3596099@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 21 Apr 2023 15:31:26 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Rebecca A. Darst 
Date: Fri, Apr 21, 2023 at 3:23?PM
Subject: RE: [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers
To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com 
Cc: Christopher M. Hill 


Hi Coleen,



Attached is a copy of the assignment letter.



Thanks.





Rebecca Darst, CPCU, AIC

Claims Manager

Kentucky Assigned Claims Plan

Kentucky Insurance Arbitration Association

PO Box 436509

Louisville, KY 40243

(502) 327-0372 Extension 2112

Email Address:* KyAuto@KAIP.org  *

www.kyinsplans.org



NOTICE: This email and any attached files are PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL and
are solely for the use of recipients who are the addressee(s). If you are
not entitled to this information, or are not the intended recipient, do not
read, copy or use it, do not disclose it to others and do not take any
action in reliance on this information.  If you received this transmission
in error, please immediately notify the sender.



*From:* Christopher M. Hill 
*Sent:* Friday, April 21, 2023 3:07 PM
*To:* Rebecca A. Darst 
*Subject:* FW: [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers







*Chris Hill  AIC, AINS, AU*

*Kentucky FAIR Plan Reinsurance Association*

*Kentucky Insurance Arbitration Association *

*Kentucky Assigned Claims Plan*

*P.O. Box 437249*

*Louisville, KY 40243*

*Phone: (502) 425-9998 Ext: 2132*

*Fax:  (502) 327-0851*

Kentucky Website: www.kyinsplans.org

Alliance Website: www.fairplanalliance.com









NOTICE: This email and any attached files are PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL and
are solely for the use of recipients who are the addressee(s). If you are
not entitled to this information, or are not the intended recipient, do not
read, copy or use it, do not disclose it to others and do not take any
action in reliance on this information. If you received this transmission
in error, please immediately notify the sender.
------------------------------



*From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
*Sent:* Friday, April 21, 2023 3:03 PM
*To:* Christopher M. Hill 
*Subject:* [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers



**** CAUTION:* This email originated from outside of the KYINS Plans. ***
------------------------------

Hi,



This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check an update or
status of the sent application for benefits to Kentucky Assigned Claims for
Cire Flowers. Thank you.


Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 15:32:01

__Re: [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Rebecca.Darst@kaip.org](mailto:Rebecca.Darst@kaip.org)
Cc: [Christopher.Hill@kaip.org](mailto:Christopher.Hill@kaip.org) Christopher M. Hill
Date: Fri, 21 Apr 2023 15:30:50 -0400

Hi Rebecca,

This is noted. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

On Fri, Apr 21, 2023 at 3:23?PM Rebecca A. Darst 
wrote:

> Hi Coleen,
>
>
>
> Attached is a copy of the assignment letter.
>
>
>
> Thanks.
>
>
>
>
>
> Rebecca Darst, CPCU, AIC
>
> Claims Manager
>
> Kentucky Assigned Claims Plan
>
> Kentucky Insurance Arbitration Association
>
> PO Box 436509
>
> Louisville, KY 40243
>
> (502) 327-0372 Extension 2112
>
> Email Address:* KyAuto@KAIP.org  *
>
> www.kyinsplans.org
>
>
>
> NOTICE: This email and any attached files are PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL and
> are solely for the use of recipients who are the addressee(s). If you are
> not entitled to this information, or are not the intended recipient, do not
> read, copy or use it, do not disclose it to others and do not take any
> action in reliance on this information.  If you received this transmission
> in error, please immediately notify the sender.
>
>
>
> *From:* Christopher M. Hill 
> *Sent:* Friday, April 21, 2023 3:07 PM
> *To:* Rebecca A. Darst 
> *Subject:* FW: [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Chris Hill  AIC, AINS, AU*
>
> *Kentucky FAIR Plan Reinsurance Association*
>
> *Kentucky Insurance Arbitration Association *
>
> *Kentucky Assigned Claims Plan*
>
> *P.O. Box 437249*
>
> *Louisville, KY 40243*
>
> *Phone: (502) 425-9998 Ext: 2132*
>
> *Fax:  (502) 327-0851*
>
> Kentucky Website: www.kyinsplans.org
>
> Alliance Website: www.fairplanalliance.com
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> NOTICE: This email and any attached files are PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL and
> are solely for the use of recipients who are the addressee(s). If you are
> not entitled to this information, or are not the intended recipient, do not
> read, copy or use it, do not disclose it to others and do not take any
> action in reliance on this information. If you received this transmission
> in error, please immediately notify the sender.
> ------------------------------
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Friday, April 21, 2023 3:03 PM
> *To:* Christopher M. Hill 
> *Subject:* [EX] KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers
>
>
>
> **** CAUTION:* This email originated from outside of the KYINS Plans. ***
> ------------------------------
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check an update or
> status of the sent application for benefits to Kentucky Assigned Claims for
> Cire Flowers. Thank you.
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>

## 11:29:49

Client called, to check an update on the sent application for benefits to KAC. Advised client, will do a follow up to KAC

## 15:03:28

__KY23040051 - Application for Benefits to Cire Flowers__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [christopher.hill@kaip.org](mailto:christopher.hill@kaip.org)
Date: Fri, 21 Apr 2023 15:03:05 -0400

Hi,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check an update or
status of the sent application for benefits to Kentucky Assigned Claims for
Cire Flowers. Thank you.


Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:08:52

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag'
Date: Fri, 21 Apr 2023 12:08:39 -0400



Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax  
Sent: Friday, April 21, 2023 11:50 AM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
