---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-15"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-15

**Case:** [[cases/douglas-mulcahy-mva-1-5-2023/douglas-mulcahy-mva-1-5-2023|Douglas Mulcahy MVA 1/5/2023]]

## 09:32:27

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/15 updated adj info
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Justin

## 09:32:26

__FW: Allstate Claim:0698768587__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [DougMulcahyZ3157876@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DougMulcahyZ3157876@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 15 May 2023 09:32:22 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Allstate Insurance  
Sent: Saturday, May 13, 2023 12:14 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Allstate Claim:0698768587

 

   


 




Claim 0698768587

 





  


http://l.service01.email-allstate.com/rts/open.aspx?tp=i-16D9-A2-boz-2ybbwH-1z-9LnhW-1c-l8wWvZmoEv-JRo1D>rrent injury and treatment information on client Douglas Mulcahy? Is he still treating?

 

Sincerely,

 

KYLE STEELE
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (615) 874-6806
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR629ce487553841 ***

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: claims@claims.allstate.com   
Sent: Friday, Mar 10, 2023 9:50 AM 
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com   
Subject: Allstate Claim:0698768587 

Good morning, 


Thank you for speaking with me this morning.  As promised, I am sending the photos of your client's vehicle (rear end only).  Please let me know if you would like all the photos. I have placed a call to Douglas Mulcahy and asked that he reach out to me to identify the damage on his vehicle. 

 

Please contact me with any questions. 


Warm regards, 

 

LEILANI A. ROBINSON
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (615) 874-6880
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  




CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR629ce487553841 *** 








Did you find this email useful?



  

  


  


  MyClaim   |     Tools & Resources   |     Allstate.com

	

This email was sent to you at justin@whaleylawfirm.com  


? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved.   Privacy Statement   |     Contact Us


Allstate Insurance Company, PO Box 661039, Dallas, TX 75266 


P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T


EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
