---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-18

**Case:** [[cases/shanna-mellick-mva-05-06-2022/shanna-mellick-mva-05-06-2022|Shanna Mellick MVA 05/06/2022]]

## 13:30:53

Contact Shanna Mellick at (502) 277-2093 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 13:04:27

Move to set up phase and assign to appropriate claim specialist

## 13:04:26

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
DOA: 6/6/2022
Passenger in vehicle, def ran a redlight and struck P on the passenger side.
Happened on Greenwood Rd and Terry Rd

LMPD responded, she will text the number to us

No ER or treatment yet, she said an attorney that represented her husband named Neil Harrington told her not to go to the ER or anything because she did not have PIP. Said she had waived it and because the Def did not have insurance. But, she later learned that was not true and allstate sent her a letter saying she did have PIP and gave her a claim number. She was never repped by Neil Harrington, her husband was for a past wreck and he gave her legal advice from time to time.

PIP/UM: Allstate
BI: None


__Incident Date__
6/6/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Time of Accident__
3pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Passenger in vehicle, def ran a redlight and struck P on the passenger side.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Were pictures taken of the injuries?__
No

__Injury Notes__
R side, R hip, R knee, head aches and R side of kneck

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
No

__Has Client had Diagnostic Imaging Completed or Scheduled?__
No

__Did Client follow up with their PCP?__
No

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Dixie Chiropractic & Rehabilitation

__First Date of Treatment__
7/18/2022

__Prior Injuries & Medical Notes:__
Gave her the number for Dixie Chiro

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Allstate Insurance

__Claim Number__
Will text us the claim number

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2002 Chevrolet Blazer Xtreme

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
No

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
Client will text some

__Date Taken__
6/6/2022

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
Universal Linen

__Job Title__
Factory Worker

__Rate of Pay__
13

__Per:__
Hour

__BI Claim Number__
No insurance

__BI Claim Status__
No Coverage

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Minivan

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def ran a red light

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
7/15/2022 10:54:59 AM - Aaron Whaley - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - Skipped automatic lead creation: 
 - The Lead Status field is required.
 - The Severity Level field is required.


----All posted information----
Email : shannamellick412@gmail.com
First : Shanna
Last : Mellick
Phone : +15022772093
Summary : 1) How were you hurt? Automobile Accident
2)Did you have to go to the doctor? Yes
3) Are you currently represented by an attorney? No
4) Were you at fault? No
5) When did this accident happen?Within 1 Year
6) Describe Your Incident We were at a red light waiting to turn left the Green arrow turned green for us to turn left a car going southbound never stopped at the red light and hit our side passenger where I was sitting

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
7/15/2022 12:28:15 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Intake complete, waiting on e-sign

Note emailed to: Aaron Whaley (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
7/18/2022 12:58:06 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Spoke with Shanna, she had some questions about the intake docs. All is good, she is signing them. 

Note emailed to: Aaron Whaley (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/15/2022 10:54:59 AM - From: +15026773361 - To: 5022772093 - Message:  - Hello Shanna Mellick, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/15/2022 10:54:59 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: shannamellick412@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Shanna,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2022 10:23:04 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5022772093 - Message:  - Friendly Reminder from The Whaley Law Firm.

Hello, this message is being sent as a courtesy reminder that we have yet to receive your signed intake documents.
When time permits, please check your email and confirmed that you received them. Our team is excited to get rolling on your claim as soon as soon as those documents are completed and returned. If you have any questions, please give us a call. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:7/18/2022 11:41:41 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5022772093 - Message:  - Shanna, this is Brandon with The Whaley Law Firm. I hope that all is well. I just wanted to reach out to you and follow up on the intake documents we had emailed over for you to sign. It looks like we have still not received those back. Our team is excited to get the ball rolling on your claim but unfortunately, until we receive that back, we are at a stand still and unable to move forward. When time permits, please check your email and take a moment to run through them. As mentioned before, it usually takes less than a minute to complete and once you are finished it will automatically come back to us.  Once I receive those back, we will be good to go. If you have any questions, please let me know. I will keep my eye out for them. Thanks, have a great day!
-----------------End Message-----------------
