---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-15"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-15

**Case:** [[cases/leilani-lavell-mva-1-6-2024/leilani-lavell-mva-1-6-2024|Leilani Lavell MVA 1/6/2024]]

## 16:37:22

A missed call for Jessa  Galosmo was logged at 2024-02-15 20:14:10.865000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 5026448007 

Caller ID: 502-644-8007 

Caller Name: Leilani Lavell 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18893791 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Yes, this is Leilani Lavell. I was calling to give you some information. Yes, I am still in physical therapy. Which Chambers medical group 3 times a week. I do not know when they are going to release me from that. And I have contacted. The police report place and I put in for a revised police report with the police officers name and everything. They are supposed to let me know on that within 2 days I should be able to look at my email and see what I can find. So I am just going to give you the information. My number is 502-644-8007. And my name there again is Leilani Lavell, thank you.

## 12:27:56

A missed call for Jessa  Galosmo was logged at 2024-02-15 16:20:05.845000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 5026448007 

Caller ID: 502-644-8007 

Caller Name: Leilani Lavell 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18893791 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Yes, this is Lavell Lavell. I was returning your call. You can reach me at 502-644-8007. Thank you.

## 09:05:36

__Fwd: [External Message Added] Louisville Metro Government public records request #24-1512__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [LeilaniLavellMVAZ4421727@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeilaniLavellMVAZ4421727@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Leilani Lavell MVA 1/6/2024 - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Thu, 15 Feb 2024 08:05:18 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Louisville Metro Government Public Records 
Date: Wed, Feb 14, 2024 at 4:38?PM
Subject: [External Message Added] Louisville Metro Government public
records request #24-1512
To: 


-- Attach a non-image file and/or reply ABOVE THIS LINE with a message, and
it will be sent to staff on this request. --
Louisville Metro Government Public Records
A message was sent to you regarding record request #24-1512:

Specific to your request for body/dash camera video: I have located video
responsive to your request. This record(s) is not otherwise available. Our
department needs additional time to prepare the records for release.
Extension for release is necessary because the requested records require
additional steps before it can be made available for public release. As the
requested record was created during the course of police business, it is
expected to contain a mixture of exempt and non-exempt information. The
exempt information is likely of a personal nature of the involved person(s)
or CJIS-protected information, which is prohibited from release.

To go further into detail which is specific to the process of researching,
locating and redacting body/dash camera video requests. Currently, our unit
only has four members who are solely responsible for the entire
department's open records requests where body/dash camera video are being
requested. (As well as any audio/video which are included in case file
requests). For each request we are assigned we must conduct a search by
officer and date. If video is located, we must determine whether an
investigation/court case related to the incident is open. We then must
download each video, one at a time, and then watch and manually redact any
exempted information. We do this to protect the privacy of our citizens as
well for CJIS security requirements. Unfortunately, only one
item/image/sound may be redacted at a time; if there are multiple exempt
items, they must be redacted individually. There is no automatic process to
redact exempt items. For every minute of video it is estimated it takes 7
minutes of “redaction/review”. Some requests take as little as 30 minutes
to an hour to complete, while some can take over a week. And often one
request doesn't equal one video. Some requests can have two, five, ten, etc.



For all the reasons stated above, pursuant to KRS 61.872(5), the non-exempt
responsive records will be made available on or before August 8, 2024.



To remain fair and unbiased to requestors, we process in the order they are
received. Our unit currently has an estimated 1,000+ pending requests for
video. We are working as diligently as possible given the resources and
personnel allotted to our unit. If we get to your request ahead of the
quoted date, it will be provided earlier.

Video may be provided faster via subpoena if applicable.

View Request 24-1512

https://louisvilleglobalmetrogov-ky.nextrequest.com/requests/24-1512



*Questions about your request?* Reply to this email or sign in to contact
staff at Louisville Metro Government.
*Technical support:* See our help page




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
