---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-26"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-26

**Case:** [[cases/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023|Eric Gardner Jr MVA 5/13/2023]]

## 10:41:44

__Re: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [KAkande@thegeneral.com](mailto:KAkande@thegeneral.com) Akande, Kristen
Date: Fri, 26 May 2023 10:40:51 -0400

Hi Kristen,

Any non ER related providers, and you can send the payments directly to
them.
In regards to the contact number for the passenger, David Crawley, it
is 502-415-2074. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363


On Fri, May 26, 2023 at 8:16?AM Akande, Kristen 
wrote:

> Also, I understand that you do not want any of the Hospital treatment and
> their Dr. Groups paid, but I wanted to clarify which of Mr. Gardner?s
> Providers you would like paid and do you want us to send the payments
> directly to them?
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> *Kristen Akande, PIP Adjuster II*
> * MedPIP *
>
> 6000 American Parkway | Madison, Wisconsin 53783 | view map
> 
>
> *Office Phone: (800) 280-1466 ext. 6272*| *Fax:* 615-695-4471
>
> *The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*
>
>
>
>
>
> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
> contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
> solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
> disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
> intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
> attachments and all copies.*
>
> Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
> Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
> American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
> Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)
>

## 10:17:08

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to ask some questions and to obtain contact number of the passenger, David Crowley, but no answer and vm, is not been set up yet. Sent text message. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: May 26 2023

## 08:37:52

__Fwd: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [EricGardnerJrMVAZ3757837@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:EricGardnerJrMVAZ3757837@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 26 May 2023 08:36:59 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Akande, Kristen 
Date: Fri, May 26, 2023 at 8:16?AM
Subject: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner
To: COLEEN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM 


Also, I understand that you do not want any of the Hospital treatment and
their Dr. Groups paid, but I wanted to clarify which of Mr. Gardner?s
Providers you would like paid and do you want us to send the payments
directly to them?



Thank you,



*Kristen Akande, PIP Adjuster II*
* MedPIP *

6000 American Parkway | Madison, Wisconsin 53783 | view map


*Office Phone: (800) 280-1466 ext. 6272*| *Fax:* 615-695-4471

*The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*





*CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
attachments and all copies.*

Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)
