---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-13

**Case:** [[cases/stephen-thompson-mva-10-30-21/stephen-thompson-mva-10-30-21|Stephen Thompson MVA 10/30/21]]

## 13:02:24

__Ebony -  - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: fgaither.wlf@gmail.com 
CC: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
Date: 13 Jan 2022 07:44:51 -0800

From Name: Ebony
From Number: 502-996-2169
From Company: 
Asked by name. She mentioned address change. 

Actions: Please contact
To: Faye Gaither	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/13/2022 10:42 AM
Caller ID: 5029962169	5029962169
Ruby Receptionist: Lannan S.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.

## 12:11:18

Have we begun PIP for Stephen Thompson?

## 13:09:16

__Re: 014941537__
From: Cameron Smith [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org](mailto:Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org) Chelsted.Meghan
Cc: [Resenic.Jude@aaainsurance.org](mailto:Resenic.Jude@aaainsurance.org) Resenic.Jude, [StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 13 Jan 2022 12:08:59 -0500

can we get her info?

On Thu, Jan 13, 2022 at 11:49 AM Chelsted.Meghan <
Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org> wrote:

> Good afternoon
>
>
>
> Please be advised the med pay representative assigned to this file is Jude
> Resenic. I have included her in this email.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> Meghan Chelsted
> Claims Service Representative
>
> Phone: 724-838-2624 Fax: 972-630-7580
>
> Chelsted.meghan@aaainsurance.org
> Manager: Dave Engler Phone 724-838-2633
> "*We're always with you*"
>
>
>
> Interinsurance Exchange of the Automobile Club
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Cameron Smith 
> *Sent:* Thursday, January 13, 2022 11:14 AM
> *To:* Chelsted.Meghan 
> *Cc:* StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
> *Subject:* 014941537
>
>
>
> ATTENTION: This e-mail came from an external source. Do not open
> attachments or click on links from unknown or unexpected emails.
>
>
>
> i Was reaching out to see if you have received our clients off work note
> and loss wage form also could you send us a ack on this file we
> dont have one from you guys yet!
>
> *** Disclaimer ***
> This communication (including all attachments) is solely for the use of the person to whom it is addressed and is a confidential AAA communication. If you are not the intended recipient, any use, distribution, printing, or copying is prohibited. If you received this email in error, please immediately delete it and notify the sender.
>
>

## 13:01:29

__Re: STEPHEN THOMPSON THE INJURY CENTER__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mindy@thepainreliefcenters.com](mailto:mindy@thepainreliefcenters.com) Mindy Weinstein
Cc: [StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 13 Jan 2022 12:01:03 -0500

Need to wait. I have almost 10k in bills and I am still missing his primary
treatment provider.

On Thu, Jan 13, 2022 at 10:43 AM Mindy Weinstein <
mindy@thepainreliefcenters.com> wrote:

> Good Afternoon,
>
> The above treated at The Injury Center from 11/1/21 thru 11/3/21.
>
> Attached is the ledger.
>
> Balance 1745.00
>
> Can benefits please be released?
>
> Balance 1,745.00
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
>
>
> Mindy Weinstein
>
> Integra Medical Billing
>
> 5353 N Federal Highway
>
> Suite 101
>
> Fort Lauderdale, FL 33308
>
> Phone:  954-990-8134 X 106
>
> Fax 954-990-8634
>
> mindy@thePainreliefcenters.com
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:49:26

__RE: 014941537__
From: Chelsted.Meghan [Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org](mailto:Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) Cameron Smith, [Resenic.Jude@aaainsurance.org](mailto:Resenic.Jude@aaainsurance.org) Resenic.Jude
Cc: [StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 13 Jan 2022 16:49:17 +0000

Good afternoon

Please be advised the med pay representative assigned to this file is Jude Resenic. I have included her in this email.

Thank you,

Meghan Chelsted
Claims Service Representative
Phone: 724-838-2624 Fax: 972-630-7580
Chelsted.meghan@aaainsurance.org
Manager: Dave Engler Phone 724-838-2633
"We're always with you"

Interinsurance Exchange of the Automobile Club


[cid:image002.png@01D80873.95E34370]

From: Cameron Smith 
Sent: Thursday, January 13, 2022 11:14 AM
To: Chelsted.Meghan 
Cc: StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: 014941537

ATTENTION: This e-mail came from an external source. Do not open attachments or click on links from unknown or unexpected emails.

i Was reaching out to see if you have received our clients off work note and loss wage form also could you send us a ack on this file we dont have one from you guys yet!

*** Disclaimer ***
This communication (including all attachments) is solely for the use of the person to whom it is addressed and is a confidential AAA communication. If you are not the intended recipient, any use, distribution, printing, or copying is prohibited. If you received this email in error, please immediately delete it and notify the sender.

## 12:14:41

__014941537__
From: Cameron Smith [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org](mailto:Chelsted.Meghan@aaainsurance.org)
Cc: [StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephenThompsonMVAZ954774@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 13 Jan 2022 11:14:27 -0500

i Was reaching out to see if you have received our clients off work note
and loss wage form also could you send us a ack on this file we
dont have one from you guys yet!

## 03:29:57

Check and see if we know what insurance is on the car Stephen Thompson was in. If so add company to Insurance tab and begin Taskflow for that company. If not check report. Check with client.

## 03:29:57

Client needs car fixed and possibly rental. Check for PD adjuster and add to file. Start PD taskflow.
