---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-27"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-27

**Case:** [[cases/queen-huntsman-mva-12-12-2022/queen-huntsman-mva-12-12-2022|Queen Huntsman MVA 12/12/2022]]

## 16:15:00

__Fwd: New Voice Message from COLUMBUS OH (614) 706-1778 on 04/27/2023 4:01 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [QueenHuntsmanZ3210290@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:QueenHuntsmanZ3210290@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 27 Apr 2023 16:14:45 -0400

I called back. Need signed PIP forms sent in. Send updated direction to pay
no bills. They don't have any yet but this is going to be a doozy

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Thu, Apr 27, 2023 at 4:02?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from COLUMBUS OH (614) 706-1778 on 04/27/2023
4:01 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* COLUMBUS OH (614) 706-1778
*Received:* Thursday, April 27, 2023 at 4:01 PM
*Length:* 01:14
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
"Hi, good afternoon. My name is Nathan. Ah, and I am calling from Root
Insurance. I am calling on the PIP claim for your client. Our insured Queen
Huntsman date of loss was december 12th, 2022I was calling because I have
called and left several messages and sent emails to Justin Chumley. But I
have not received a return call or an update regarding the status of
treatment plan of care or completed pit forms. I do not think that we have
received any bills yet. But again, we just have not received a response as
far as where they are and given that the accident happened in December,
again have not received any updates in the 4 months. We have had the claim.
If you could please give me callback at my number 614-706-1778 or if there
is another case manager or paralegal hal in case and they could please my
information onto them, I would appreciate it again. My number is
614-706-1778. Again, this is regarding Queen Huntsman. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
