---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-23

**Case:** [[cases/brittney-johnson-dual-premise-mva-04-19-2022/brittney-johnson-dual-premise-mva-04-19-2022|Brittney Johnson Dual Premise/MVA 04/19/2022]]

## 09:43:42

@stuttle Request Synergy & Dr. Ivyers Medical Records - awaiting additional providers information #RR #Tx

## 13:18:49

__Fw: Fwd:__
From: Brittney Johnson  [brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com](mailto:brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 23 Aug 2022 17:13:04 +0000 (UTC)

 

   ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: Tania Stevens To: Brittney Johnson Sent: Tuesday, August 23, 2022 at 01:09:21 PM EDTSubject: Re: Fwd:
 Hi Brittney,
I spoke with Ms. Letty (Damage Claims) on 07/29/2022 @ 5:00PM. 
Thank you!Tania
On Tue, Aug 23, 2022 at 1:04 PM Brittney Johnson  wrote:

 Tania, 
Please send me contact information whom you spoke with at Spectrum.
Thank youBrittney Johnson 
    On Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 01:12:44 PM EDT, Tania Stevens  wrote:  
 
 Ms. Brittney,
As per our phone conversation, attached is our claim. Please, send it to the "Damage Claims" Department. 
We appreciate your attention to this matter.
Sincerely,
  




 Tania Stevens

Billing Coordinator

Neurodiagnostic Center

Vasudeva G. Iyer MD

2505 Bush Ridge Dr#A

Louisville, KY   40245

Ph:  (502) 708 1338 

Fx: (502) 708 1339

 https://nervemusclecenter.com

 The information contained in thistransmission may contain privileged and confidential information, includingpatient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intendedonly for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intendedrecipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination,distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. Ifyou are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply emailand destroy all copies of the original message.
  


-- 


 

  




 Tania Stevens

Billing Coordinator

Neurodiagnostic Center

Vasudeva G. Iyer MD

2505 Bush Ridge Dr#A

Louisville, KY   40245

Ph:  (502) 708 1338 

Fx: (502) 708 1339

 https://nervemusclecenter.com

 The information contained in thistransmission may contain privileged and confidential information, includingpatient information protected by federal and state privacy laws. It is intendedonly for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intendedrecipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination,distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. Ifyou are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply emailand destroy all copies of the original message.

## 13:17:02

__Please see this get paid my airway was impacted due to injury__
From: Brittney Johnson  [brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com](mailto:brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 23 Aug 2022 16:52:08 +0000 (UTC)

I will send the bills from Humana hospital, I thought you could pull a list of a doctor visits and bills. They total $50,000 so far.
Thank you, 
Brittney Johnson

## 09:43:13

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brittney Johnson  [brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com](mailto:brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 23 Aug 2022 09:42:41 -0400

Good morning Brittney,
    Thank you for the update. I will reach out to Synergy for their
records. Who are you seeing for Neuro services and who is your hand & arm
specialist? I will reach out to them as well for their records along w/Dr.
Ivyers.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Aug 22, 2022 at 10:58 PM Brittney Johnson <
brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com> wrote:

> Synergy is suppose to send you a report my treatment with them is
> finished. I have an appointment with the hand and arm specialist. Doctor
> ivyers says I require surgery on both arms. Neuro portion says I require an
> evaluation to determine the best method of treatment.
>
> Thank you
>
> Brittney Johnson
>
> On Monday, August 22, 2022 at 02:13:28 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> Good afternoon Brittney,
>     We have been attempting to reach you to get an update on your
> treatment status. Please give us a call as soon as possible to discuss your
> claim in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>

## 09:39:26

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Brittney Johnson  [brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com](mailto:brittneyjohnson37@yahoo.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 23 Aug 2022 02:58:30 +0000 (UTC)

 Synergy is suppose to send you a report my treatment with them is finished. I have an appointment with the hand and arm specialist. Doctor ivyers says I require surgery on both arms. Neuro portion says I require an evaluation to determine the best method of treatment. 
Thank you
Brittney Johnson 
    On Monday, August 22, 2022 at 02:13:28 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Good afternoon Brittney,     We have been attempting to reach you to get an update on your treatment status. Please give us a call as soon as possible to discuss your claim in further detail. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 357-9971O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
