---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-11-12"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-11-12

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-robertson-mva-01-03-2024/kimberly-robertson-mva-01-03-2024|Kimberly Robertson MVA 01/03/2024]]

## 12:13:18

__Fwd: Kimberly Robertson__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Justin Chumbley [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue Nov 12 2024 11:13:01 GMT-05:00

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Nikki Bowman 
Date: Tue, Nov 12, 2024 at 10:58?AM
Subject: Re: Kimberly Robertson
To: Jessa Galosmo 


Received. Were the bills and records received yesterday by Justin? I sent
them before I had to head out.

thank you
Nikki Bowman
Billing and Collections Specialist
A+ Chiropractic
4107 Taylor Blvd
Louisville, KY 40215
Phone: 502-203-5210
Fax: 502-290-0817

This transmission is intended for the use of the individual or entity to
which it is addressed.  It may contain information that is privileged, or
Protected Health Information (PHI), as defined by the Health Insurance
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA).  This information is
confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law.  If the
reader of this transmission is not the intended recipient or the employee
or agent responsible for delivering the message to the recipient, you are
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this
communication is strictly prohibited and may be a violation of Federal or
State law.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify
the sender immediately or destroy this material immediately.


On Mon, Nov 11, 2024 at 1:52?PM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi,
>
> Please see attached request for our client's records and bills.
>
> Thanks.
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
