---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-11-13"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-11-13

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-robertson-mva-01-03-2024/kimberly-robertson-mva-01-03-2024|Kimberly Robertson MVA 01/03/2024]]

## 10:12:56

__Fwd: New Voice Message from LOUISVILLE KY (502) 576-6975 on 11/13/2024 9:01 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Justin Chumbley [Justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Justin@whaleylawfirm.com), Kimberly Robertson - Filevine Project Email Address [KimberlyRobertsonZ4765785@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KimberlyRobertsonZ4765785@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed Nov 13 2024 09:12:44 GMT-05:00

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Nov 13, 2024 at 9:01?AM
Subject: New Voice Message from LOUISVILLE KY (502) 576-6975 on 11/13/2024
9:01 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LOUISVILLE KY (502) 576-6975
*Received:* Wednesday, November 13, 2024 at 9:01 AM
*Length:* 00:39
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi. Good morning, Aaron. This is Jennifer with Primary Express Care, I am
working on medical records for Kimberly Robertson and I came across the
information that I had that I wanted to see if I have the proper
information with her insurance company, and I also wanted to know if you
were representing her children as well in that accident with Her is you
could give me a call back, so I have to discuss this case if you I greatly
appreciate it because I might be a little confused on what is going on with
her and I might not have proper insurance information. So if you give me a
call back, I appreciate it. My phone number is a5025766975. Thanks, Aaron.
Have a wonderful day. Talk to you soon. Bye bye."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
