---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-19

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 10:11:55

Recvd VM from AW - Probate called and stated that Chase contacted them and advised "they have received the deposit and stuff" (??) but Probate still needs the Order signed under the Proof of Blocked Account - Still due 11/01/2022 by 2pm #settlement

## 10:09:44

__Fwd: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 08/19/2022 9:18 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 19 Aug 2022 09:45:52 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Aug 19, 2022 at 9:18 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 08/19/2022
9:18 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
*Received:* Friday, August 19, 2022 at 9:18 AM
*Length:* 00:39
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Yes, Erin this is Dana with probate court Jefferson County calling about
the guardianship of McKinley fawbush. Just wanted to let you know we
received something from Chase that they've received the deposit and stuff,
but we have to have that order signed by the judge for the proof of the
blocked account. So that date will still remain in there and tour received
that and that court, date is 111-2022 at two o'clock and it's on McKinley
fawbush F W B U S H and then this is Dana with probate. Thank you have a
nice day."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
