---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-10

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 13:44:48

__New Voice Message from CHASE (502) 266-5938 on 08/05/2022 9:15 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 5 Aug 2022 13:15:24 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* CHASE (502) 266-5938 
*Received:* Friday, August 05, 2022 at 9:15 AM 
*Length:* 00:37 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey Serena, this is Todd over at Chase bank and J town. I'm calling on 
behalf of Samantha fall Bush, we'd opened up a guardianship account for her 
and our back office is kind of my throat wondering when it's going to be 
funded and I'm assuming that it needs to be funded within a month of the 
account opening or they'll close that account and I know that's not where 
any of us on it. So if you could would you give me a call back here at the 
office my direct line is 502-266-5938. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
