---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-21

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 11:06:58

Recvd call from Guardian - Chase is looking for deposit status - They stated she has 48 hours to make the deposit or they will close the account - Advised we are awaiting a response to our reduction request to Conduent - If they have questions, they are welcome to contact us #cc

## 11:04:10

__New Voice Message from SAMANTHA FAWBUS (502) 712-7308 on 07/21/2022 11:01 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 15:01:30 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* SAMANTHA FAWBUS (502) 712-7308 
*Received:* Thursday, July 21, 2022 at 11:01 AM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Samantha. Paul Bush. I just got done signing another 
paper at the base that was forgotten about but they're asking about the 
release of finance. So wasn't sure exactly what to tell them. If you could 
give me a call back at 502-712-7308. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
