---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-23

**Case:** [[cases/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21/makinley-fawbush-sandf-5-04-21|Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21]]

## 12:50:51

__Re: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023 9:14 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [makinleyfawbushmvaz954708@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:makinleyfawbushmvaz954708@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Makinley Fawbush S&F 5/04/21
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2023 11:50:34 -0500

Keep following up with the bank. That is ridiculous.

On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 11:38 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Attempted to call the bank - No answer, unable to leave a VM
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 11:34 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Hey AW,
>>    This is the one where the bank rep took the order to send to be
>> reviewed and was suppose to send in. Noted: 11/09/2022.
>>
>> Took Check 6832 in the amount of $5,074.14 to Chase Bank New Lagrange
>> Road - They refused to sign verification - Took to Holiday Manor location -
>> Issue depositing check - They advised Check should have been made out to
>> Makinley Fawbush not Estate of Makinley Fawbush - They accepted check but
>> advised of the possibility that the check may kick back - Rep was not able
>> to sign Verification - Took copy to send to 'Back Office' for execution -
>> Recvd Deposit Receipt Transaction 103 - 11/09/2022 14:03 #BlockedAccount
>> #Probate #Settlement
>>
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:21 AM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>>
>>>
>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>>> From: RingCentral 
>>> Date: Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:15 AM
>>> Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on
>>> 01/23/2023 9:14 AM
>>> To: aaron whaley 
>>>
>>>
>>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>>> ------------------------------
>>>
>>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>>
>>> You have a new voice message:
>>> *From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
>>> *Received:* Monday, January 23, 2023 at 9:14 AM
>>> *Length:* 01:06
>>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>>
>>> *Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
>>> " Hi, my name is Leslie and I'm one of the supervisors and the probate
>>> division in Jefferson County and I'm calling about the state of McKinley
>>> fall Bush a minor you just submitted notice or a proof of locked account
>>> that proof has to be on the order signed by the judge. So the court, date
>>> stands you still have a court, date to appear to bring us to the proof of
>>> blocks account. I am not deleting. That, court, date. It has to be on the
>>> order that the judge signed and it has to be signed by the bank. So I'm
>>> just calling you as a courtesy this one time to let you know that you need
>>> to submit proof of block account on the order that the judge sign. You have
>>> any questions. You're more than welcome to give us a phone call. The case
>>> number is 223-1573 again, it's for. ..."
>>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>>> account  with your main number,
>>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>>> RingCentral account.
>>>
>>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>>
>>> ------------------------------
>>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you
>>> need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in
>>> one app. Get started 
>>>
>>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>>> our Terms of Use .
>>>
>>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis
>>> 
>>>  Drive, Belmont, CA
>>> 
>>>  94002, USA
>>> .
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:42:35

Recvd Probate VM from AW - Proof Deadline Stands - Need Bank Verification on Order - 
Advised AW - Bank took order to send for review & execution per notes 11/09/2022 - Attempted to call bank - No Answer, No VM - Will try again after lunch hours - If no response will go by there tomorrow #Probate #ProofBlkAcct #Minor

## 12:40:03

__Re: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023 9:14 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2023 11:38:35 -0500

Attempted to call the bank - No answer, unable to leave a VM

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 11:34 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Hey AW,
>    This is the one where the bank rep took the order to send to be
> reviewed and was suppose to send in. Noted: 11/09/2022.
>
> Took Check 6832 in the amount of $5,074.14 to Chase Bank New Lagrange Road
> - They refused to sign verification - Took to Holiday Manor location -
> Issue depositing check - They advised Check should have been made out to
> Makinley Fawbush not Estate of Makinley Fawbush - They accepted check but
> advised of the possibility that the check may kick back - Rep was not able
> to sign Verification - Took copy to send to 'Back Office' for execution -
> Recvd Deposit Receipt Transaction 103 - 11/09/2022 14:03 #BlockedAccount
> #Probate #Settlement
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:21 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>>
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: RingCentral 
>> Date: Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:15 AM
>> Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023
>> 9:14 AM
>> To: aaron whaley 
>>
>>
>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>
>> You have a new voice message:
>> *From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
>> *Received:* Monday, January 23, 2023 at 9:14 AM
>> *Length:* 01:06
>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>
>> *Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
>> " Hi, my name is Leslie and I'm one of the supervisors and the probate
>> division in Jefferson County and I'm calling about the state of McKinley
>> fall Bush a minor you just submitted notice or a proof of locked account
>> that proof has to be on the order signed by the judge. So the court, date
>> stands you still have a court, date to appear to bring us to the proof of
>> blocks account. I am not deleting. That, court, date. It has to be on the
>> order that the judge signed and it has to be signed by the bank. So I'm
>> just calling you as a courtesy this one time to let you know that you need
>> to submit proof of block account on the order that the judge sign. You have
>> any questions. You're more than welcome to give us a phone call. The case
>> number is 223-1573 again, it's for. ..."
>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>> account  with your main number,
>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>> RingCentral account.
>>
>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
>> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
>> app. Get started 
>>
>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>> our Terms of Use .
>>
>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis
>> 
>>  Drive, Belmont, CA
>> 
>>  94002, USA
>> .
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

## 12:39:45

__Re: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023 9:14 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2023 11:34:51 -0500

Hey AW,
   This is the one where the bank rep took the order to send to be reviewed
and was suppose to send in. Noted: 11/09/2022.

Took Check 6832 in the amount of $5,074.14 to Chase Bank New Lagrange Road
- They refused to sign verification - Took to Holiday Manor location -
Issue depositing check - They advised Check should have been made out to
Makinley Fawbush not Estate of Makinley Fawbush - They accepted check but
advised of the possibility that the check may kick back - Rep was not able
to sign Verification - Took copy to send to 'Back Office' for execution -
Recvd Deposit Receipt Transaction 103 - 11/09/2022 14:03 #BlockedAccount
#Probate #Settlement


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:21 AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:15 AM
> Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023
> 9:14 AM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
> *Received:* Monday, January 23, 2023 at 9:14 AM
> *Length:* 01:06
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
> " Hi, my name is Leslie and I'm one of the supervisors and the probate
> division in Jefferson County and I'm calling about the state of McKinley
> fall Bush a minor you just submitted notice or a proof of locked account
> that proof has to be on the order signed by the judge. So the court, date
> stands you still have a court, date to appear to bring us to the proof of
> blocks account. I am not deleting. That, court, date. It has to be on the
> order that the judge signed and it has to be signed by the bank. So I'm
> just calling you as a courtesy this one time to let you know that you need
> to submit proof of block account on the order that the judge sign. You have
> any questions. You're more than welcome to give us a phone call. The case
> number is 223-1573 again, it's for. ..."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis
> 
>  Drive, Belmont, CA
> 
>  94002, USA
> .
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 12:38:12

__Fwd: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023 9:14 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 23 Jan 2023 09:21:17 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Jan 23, 2023 at 9:15 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434 on 01/23/2023
9:14 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* KY ST OF AOC (502) 595-4434
*Received:* Monday, January 23, 2023 at 9:14 AM
*Length:* 01:06
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Hi, my name is Leslie and I'm one of the supervisors and the probate
division in Jefferson County and I'm calling about the state of McKinley
fall Bush a minor you just submitted notice or a proof of locked account
that proof has to be on the order signed by the judge. So the court, date
stands you still have a court, date to appear to bring us to the proof of
blocks account. I am not deleting. That, court, date. It has to be on the
order that the judge signed and it has to be signed by the bank. So I'm
just calling you as a courtesy this one time to let you know that you need
to submit proof of block account on the order that the judge sign. You have
any questions. You're more than welcome to give us a phone call. The case
number is 223-1573 again, it's for. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
