---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-14

**Case:** [[cases/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023|Melissa Gray MVA 6/17/2023]]

## 13:42:58

__Melissa Gray MVA 6/17/2023__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2023 13:41:28 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,



Regarding our client, Ms. Melissa Gray, she just called in to get updates
on her case and mentioned that she doesn't have a lot of time for this, her
mother is sick with pancreatic cancer and she's off from work right now and
wanted to have a settlement. I just want to ask, how can we help Ms.
Melissa with this or how can I proceed with this, with faster process or
action to help Ms. Melissa. Thank you.



 Respectfully,


Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 13:28:58

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Client called in to check updates on her case. She stated that she doesn't have a lot of time for this, her mother is sick and she's off from work right now and wanted to have a settlement. 

I will inform Atty. Whaley on this and will keep her posted for any updates. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: July 14 2023

## 13:28:43

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:02:45

Received call from Melissa Gray. Asking for update, transferred to Coleen.

## 08:11:15

__New Insurance Note:__  left vm.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Erie Insurance Group
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea
