---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-10

**Case:** [[cases/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023|Melissa Gray MVA 6/17/2023]]

## 13:37:36

__New Insurance Note:__  left vm.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Erie Insurance Group
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 09:44:12

__Re: New Voice Message from ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4948 on 07/10/2023 9:32 AM__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2023 09:42:49 -0400

This is noted. Thank you, Ms. Faye.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Jul 10, 2023 at 9:41?AM Faye Gaither  wrote:

> Erie left this message re: Melissa Gray - please give the adjuster a call.
> Thanks
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Mon, Jul 10, 2023 at 9:32?AM
> Subject: New Voice Message from ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4948 on
> 07/10/2023 9:32 AM
> To: Faye Gaither 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear Faye Gaither,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4948
> *Received:* Monday, July 10, 2023 at 9:32 AM
> *Length:* 00:40
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 103 Faye Gaither
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Hi, my name is Katie. I am calling from Erie Insurance calling in regards
> to your client, Melissa Gray. I was just calling to advise that I am the
> liability adjuster who is assigned to the claim so that and she was a
> passenger on our insurance motorcycle when the accident occurred and we
> have accepted liability. So if you could Just have somebody give me a call
> back. My phone number is 859-219-4948. And the claim number for reference
> is a as an Apple 000050 73043. Thank you and have a good day."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
> CA 94002, USA.
>
