---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-07

**Case:** [[cases/johnetta-robinson-wc-05-12-2023/johnetta-robinson-wc-05-12-2023|Johnetta Robinson WC 05/12/2023]]

## 16:31:50

__Re: [External] Re: JOHNETTA L ROBINSON F0J7303__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Creasman ,  Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
CC: "Clark ,  Elizabeth"  [ECLARK2@travelers.com](mailto:ECLARK2@travelers.com),  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 7 Nov 2023 15:27:58 -0500

Good afternoon Natalie,
    We are not in possession of these documents at this time. They should
be included in your request to the provider for the updated orders and
related records.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Nov 6, 2023 at 4:05?PM Creasman, Natalie Phifer <
NCREASMA@travelers.com> wrote:

> Yes, we need the 10/27 work status for the adjuster to review to see if
> compensation is due.
>
> Please send the  work status and the next appt.
>
>
>
> Thank you!
>
>
>
> Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
>
> *Natalie Creasman, RN *| *Medical Professional *| *Work Comp Dept *
>
> W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
>
> *Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center*
>
> PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
>
> If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at
> CSloat@travelers.com
>
>
>
>      
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Monday, November 6, 2023 9:27 AM
> *To:* Creasman, Natalie Phifer 
> *Cc:* Clark, Elizabeth ; Bryce Koon <
> bryce@whaleylawfirm.com>
> *Subject:* [External] Re: JOHNETTA L ROBINSON F0J7303
>
>
>
> *CAUTION: This email came from outside of the company.*
> *Please exercise caution when opening attachments, clicking links or
> responding to this email. The original sender of this email is
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com .*
>
> Good morning Natalie,
>
>      Mrs. Robinson is still on light duty but is progressing in her
> therapy. Thank you for checking in, if you need anything else, please do
> not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss it in further detail.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> Litigation Paralegal &
>
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 357-9971
>
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
>
>
> On Fri, Nov 3, 2023 at 7:20?PM Creasman, Natalie Phifer <
> NCREASMA@travelers.com> wrote:
>
> Good afternoon,
>
> We have not received the work status from the 10/27 appointment with
> doctor Smith.
>
> Please send a copy of this so that the adjuster can address if additional
> compensation is due.
>
> The doctor requested additional therapy but did not send the notes to
> support this request.
>
> I have requested the notes so that I can address the additional physical
> therapy order.
>
> Hope you have a great weekend!
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
>
> Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
>
> *Natalie Creasman, RN *|* Medical Professional *| *Work Comp Dept *
>
> W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
>
> *Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center*
>
> PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
>
> If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at
> CSloat@travelers.com
>
>
>
>
> 
>
> 
>
> 
>
> 
>
> 
>
> 
>
>
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential,
> proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is
> intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If
> you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the
> sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any
> disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any
> attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is
> prohibited.
>
> TRVDiscDefault::1201
>
>

## 16:29:01

__RE: [External] Re: JOHNETTA L ROBINSON F0J7303__
From: "Creasman, Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "Clark ,  Elizabeth"  [ECLARK2@travelers.com](mailto:ECLARK2@travelers.com),  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 6 Nov 2023 21:03:39 +0000

Yes, we need the 10/27 work status for the adjuster to review to see if compensation is due.
Please send the  work status and the next appt.

Thank you!

Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
Natalie Creasman, RN | Medical Professional | Work Comp Dept
W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center
PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at CSloat@travelers.com

[cid:image001.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]     [cid:image002.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image003.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image004.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image005.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image006.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image007.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50] 



From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Monday, November 6, 2023 9:27 AM
To: Creasman, Natalie Phifer 
Cc: Clark, Elizabeth ; Bryce Koon 
Subject: [External] Re: JOHNETTA L ROBINSON F0J7303

CAUTION: This email came from outside of the company.
Please exercise caution when opening attachments, clicking links or responding to this email. The original sender of this email is sarena@whaleylawfirm.com.

Good morning Natalie,
     Mrs. Robinson is still on light duty but is progressing in her therapy. Thank you for checking in, if you need anything else, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss it in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Nov 3, 2023 at 7:20?PM Creasman, Natalie Phifer > wrote:
Good afternoon,
We have not received the work status from the 10/27 appointment with doctor Smith.
Please send a copy of this so that the adjuster can address if additional compensation is due.
The doctor requested additional therapy but did not send the notes to support this request.
I have requested the notes so that I can address the additional physical therapy order.
Hope you have a great weekend!
Sincerely,

Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
Natalie Creasman, RN | Medical Professional | Work Comp Dept
W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center
PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at CSloat@travelers.com

[cid:image001.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]     [cid:image002.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image003.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image004.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image005.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image006.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50]    [cid:image007.png@01DA10C2.6AB83D50] 



________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201
