---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-28

**Case:** [[cases/sarah-wagner-mva-1-28-2022/sarah-wagner-mva-1-28-2022|Sarah Wagner MVA 1/28/2022]]

## 12:30:48

Sarah Elizabeth
10:12 AM (1 hour ago)
to me

I’m sorry but I must have gotten confuse I did not request to settle right now. I just had my second epidural at Commonwealth pain and spine.  I’m not sure exactly how long this will continue but I have received relief from the second epidural but I do believe that this is something that is going to be an ongoing pain issue. 
After the first epidural I receive some relief and was able to function in daily life again. This last a few weeks and now I just had my second one about two weeks ago. Reason being, my pain was slowly coming back in my hips and legs. Which is why i had a second.  I am feeling better but not completely healed,  I am being very careful at work and not doing anything to hurt myself or strain my back. Anyway, this is just one of those injury’s that is not something that can be fixed.  It’s more about working out a way to live with the pain.  Surgery is always an option if I decide the epidurals aren’t working.  It’s just not something I am considering right now.  So I don’t know where you got the message that ai was wanting to settle now but I guess it’s an option.  I really dont k is what to do at this point as far as the settlement is concerned.  If you could provide some insight that would be great.  Thanks! #cc

Sarah Wagner
