---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-26

**Case:** [[cases/dominique-farris-jr-mva-9-13-2022/dominique-farris-jr-mva-9-13-2022|Dominique Farris Jr MVA 9/13/2022]]

## 14:10:04

Contact Dominique Farris Jr at  and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 15:01:51

A call from Cameron  Smith was logged at 2022-09-26 18:56:21.913000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5024573495 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 457-3495, Personal Mobile:(502) 457-3495 

Caller Name: Angel Moore 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/7875721

## 15:03:52

Fax to Express Team (855) 666-0964 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 14:03:01

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Passenger with Angel Moore. Please see her intake for info.

Unit 2 was traveling west bound on Hikes Ln. in the right lane approaching the intersection with Green
Meadows Dr. Unit 1 was east bound on Hikes Ln. using the left turn lane to turn north into Green Meadows
Dr. Unit 1 initiated the turn in front of unit 2 causing the front passenger bumper area of unit 1 to strike the
front driver side bumper of unit 2. Operator of unit 2 requested Fern Creek EMS to be checked out and
refused transport. Operator of unit 2 was cited for no insurance and having expired registration

__Incident Date__
9/13/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Minor__
Yes

__Related Contacts__
Angel Moore (Additional Plaintiff)


__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Time of Accident__
5:24pm

__Description of Incident__
Unit 2 was traveling west bound on Hikes Ln. in the right lane approaching the intersection with Green Meadows Dr. Unit 1 was east bound on Hikes Ln. using the left turn lane to turn north into Green Meadows Dr. Unit 1 initiated the turn in front of unit 2 causing the front passenger bumper area of unit 1 to strike the front driver side bumper of unit 2. Operator of unit 2 requested Fern Creek EMS to be checked out and refused transport. Operator of unit 2 was cited for no insurance and having expired registration

__Injury Notes__
Knot on his head and sore all over

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
Norton Women's and Children's Hospital

__Date of Visit__
9/13/2022

__Did Client follow up with their PCP?__
Yes

__PCP Physician/Facility__
Norton Children's Medical Group - Poplar Level

__Employment Status:__
Not working at the time of accident

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/26/2022 1:56:50 PM - From: +15024573495 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Yes I received them and signed them 
-----------------End Message-----------------
