---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-29

**Case:** [[cases/kirstie-cable-mva-11-16-2022/kirstie-cable-mva-11-16-2022|Kirstie Cable MVA 11/16/2022]]

## 13:15:30

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to obtain lists of medical providers she has seen for treatment, her health and auto insurance info, spoke with client, she stated that she's at work right now, will call back later. Sent as well a text message and email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: June 29 2023

## 13:15:15

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:13:35

__Whaley Law Firm - Following up on your medical providers, health and auto insurance info.__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kirstiecable@gmail.com](mailto:kirstiecable@gmail.com) Kirstie Cable
Date: Thu, 29 Jun 2023 13:12:20 -0400

Hi Ms. Kirstie,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a list of medical
providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of
your health insurance card, as well as your automotive insurance
information. You can reply here or on the text message I sent and it will
automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 13:09:31

Hi Ms. Kirstie, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card, as well as your automotive insurance information. You can reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.
