---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-06

**Case:** [[cases/kirstie-cable-mva-11-16-2022/kirstie-cable-mva-11-16-2022|Kirstie Cable MVA 11/16/2022]]

## 13:49:08

Hi Ms. Kirstie, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card, as well as your automotive insurance information. You can reply here and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

## 14:04:33

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to obtain lists of medical providers she have seen for treatment, her health and auto insurance info, but no answer, unable to leave a message, mailbox is full and cannot accept any messages at this time. Sent text message and email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: July 06 2023

## 14:04:16

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:50:58

__Re: Whaley Law Firm - Following up on your medical providers, health and auto insurance info.__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kirstiecable@gmail.com](mailto:kirstiecable@gmail.com) Kirstie Cable
Date: Thu, 6 Jul 2023 13:49:39 -0400

Hi Ms. Kirstie,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a list of medical
providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of
your health insurance card, as well as your automotive insurance
information. You can reply here or on the text message I sent and it will
automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Thu, Jun 29, 2023 at 1:12?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Ms. Kirstie,
>
> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a list of medical
> providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of
> your health insurance card, as well as your automotive insurance
> information. You can reply here or on the text message I sent and it will
> automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
