---
case_slug: nayram-adadevoh
created_at: 2026-02-17 00:12:08.098000+00:00
document_category: legal
document_date: 2025-01-08
document_type: legal
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2024-07-13-MVA-002
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Nayram-Adadevoh-MVA-7-13-2024/Litigation/2025-01-08-Nayram-Adadevoh-Litigation-Court-Notice-of-Electronic-Filing-Complaint-1.eml
source_hash: sha256:9bad864fcee43137b71dbfadc5d8296214a89795f06421dac4b83a268b35652b
---

**Case:** [[cases/nayram-adadevoh/nayram-adadevoh|Nayram Adadevoh]]
**Client:** [[cases/nayram-adadevoh/contacts/nayram-adadevoh|Nayram Adadevoh]]

Subject: NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit , SITGRAVES,  ABBY ET AL VS. CAAL WORLDWIDE, INC. ET AL Envelope # 9604953
From: [EMAIL-4]
To: [EMAIL-3], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-3]
Date: 2025-01-08T15:06:53-05:00
Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: January 08, 2025 at 3:04PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: SITGRAVES, ABBY ET AL VS. CAAL WORLDWIDE, INC. ET AL

Envelope Number: 9604953

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
COMPLAINT / PETITION: COMPLAINT
AFFIDAVIT FOR WARNING ORDER ATTORNEY: AFF FOR WOA FOR UNKNOWN DRIVER
INTERROGATORIES & REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS: DISCOVERY TO DEFENDANT CAAL WORLDWIDE

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=9604953

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=FE18238A-BE74-4054-B042-8428A2B27896

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
