---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-11

**Case:** [[cases/maurice-b-taylor-mva-6-4-21/maurice-b-taylor-mva-6-4-21|Maurice B. Taylor MVA 6-4-21]]

## 10:51:34

From	
OMBMRR@louisvilleky.gov
Sent On	
4/11/22 9:50:46 AM
Subject	
M. TAYLOR - INVOICE ***IMPORTANT***: You only have 30 days to view the records via this link. PLEASE PRINT OR SAVE THEM IMMEDIATELY. Further requests for the same records will be invoiced accordingly. 


Message	
INVOICE FOR MAURICE TAYLOR
 
Free copy of records has already been requested. Please mail payment to:
 
Louisville Metro OMB/EMS Billing
P.O. BOX 34338
Louisville,KY 40232
 
With a copy of the attached invoice. Once payment is received your request will be fulfilled and sent to you electronically.
 
If you have any questions, please call 502-574-4404 or email
OMBMRR@LouisvilleKY.gov w. patient name in the subject line.


 ***IMPORTANT***: You only have 30 days to view the records/documents via this link. PLEASE PRINT OR SAVE THEM IMMEDIATELY. Further requests for the same records will be invoiced accordingly.

## 11:09:11

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 11 Apr 2022 11:01:21 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
