---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-01

**Case:** [[cases/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022/larry-burke-mva-07-31-2022|Larry Burke MVA 07/31/2022]]

## 15:05:27

__Re: Update__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Tara Martin  [taradeeann14@gmail.com](mailto:taradeeann14@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 15:03:20 -0400

Good afternoon Tara,
   Yes, I did receive your message and your file has been updated.
Currently, we are collecting all the records and bills for both you &
Larry. Some have come in and we are still awaiting a few. Once everything
is confirmed received and complete, we will draft a Demand on your behalf.
The Demand is a packet with a description of your accident and related
treatment, with the medical records & billing attached. The Demand will be
sent to the At Fault Insurance for review. The At Fault Insurance will have
30 days to review the Demand & 45 days to update us as to their position.
They may make an offer or they may send the information to their legal
department. We will discuss this process in more detail once it is in
motion. In the meantime, please confirm the providers you & Larry have seen
as listed below:
Tara Providers:
UL Hospital
Starlite Chiro
Aptiva Health
Foundation Radiology

Larry Burke Providers:
UL Hospital
Starlite Chiro
Foundation Radiology

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 2:13 PM Tara Martin  wrote:

> Hi Sarena,
>  I was just checking in with you to make sure you had gotten my message.
> The doctor at Aptiva gave me another appointment for December to recheck
> the neck. Nothing else needs to be done right now as far as I know. I was
> just wondering what else we needed to do. Thank you and have a blessed day!
> Tara
>

## 15:04:55

__Update__
From: Tara Martin  [taradeeann14@gmail.com](mailto:taradeeann14@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 14:13:31 -0400

Hi Sarena,
 I was just checking in with you to make sure you had gotten my message.
The doctor at Aptiva gave me another appointment for December to recheck
the neck. Nothing else needs to be done right now as far as I know. I was
just wondering what else we needed to do. Thank you and have a blessed day!
Tara

## 15:04:17

Recvd email from Companion - Replied requesting they confirm providers as listed - Explained Demand Process briefly and advised would go into more detail once Demand is Sent #cc
