---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-16

**Case:** [[cases/doris-hatfield-sf-10-16-2020/doris-hatfield-sf-10-16-2020|Doris Hatfield SF 10/16/2020]]

## 14:23:55

__Re: New Voice Message from LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285 on 08/16/2022 1:37 PM__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com) Joel Franklin, [DorisHatfieldSFZ954644@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DorisHatfieldSFZ954644@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 16 Aug 2022 14:23:40 -0400

Will do.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Aug 16, 2022 at 1:53 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> This is the defense attorney. Has authority to settle for $5,000 right
> now. I am sure she can get more. Sarena, make sure we have liens on this as
> she is 79 so Medicare. Double check medicals and make sure we have it all.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Tue, Aug 16, 2022 at 1:37 PM
> Subject: New Voice Message from LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285 on 08/16/2022
> 1:37 PM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285
> *Received:* Tuesday, August 16, 2022 at 1:37 PM
> *Length:* 00:35
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> " Hey Erin, this is Lacey figueroa at lenderman Charles from Lexington and
> I'm calling on the doors Hatfield versus Kroger case. Would you give me a
> call back when you get a chance, please 859-514-7285 just want to talk with
> you for a minute and see where we're going with this one and maybe if we
> can try to resolve it without spending too much more on discovery. So
> again, it's 859-514-7285 and my name is Lacey thanks so much."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
> CA 94002, USA.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 13:53:51

__Fwd: New Voice Message from LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285 on 08/16/2022 1:37 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com) Joel Franklin
Cc: [DorisHatfieldSFZ954644@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DorisHatfieldSFZ954644@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 16 Aug 2022 13:53:32 -0400

This is the defense attorney. Has authority to settle for $5,000 right now.
I am sure she can get more. Sarena, make sure we have liens on this as she
is 79 so Medicare. Double check medicals and make sure we have it all.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Aug 16, 2022 at 1:37 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285 on 08/16/2022
1:37 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LEXINGTON KY (859) 514-7285
*Received:* Tuesday, August 16, 2022 at 1:37 PM
*Length:* 00:35
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey Erin, this is Lacey figueroa at lenderman Charles from Lexington and
I'm calling on the doors Hatfield versus Kroger case. Would you give me a
call back when you get a chance, please 859-514-7285 just want to talk with
you for a minute and see where we're going with this one and maybe if we
can try to resolve it without spending too much more on discovery. So
again, it's 859-514-7285 and my name is Lacey thanks so much."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
