---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-19

**Case:** [[cases/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021|Abeba Negussie Premise 01/27/2021]]

## 12:35:50

__NEF, JEFFERSON Circuit 21-CI-004416, NEGUSSIE, ABEBA VS. THE KROGER COMPANY Envelope # 5170317__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: AGWHALEY@whaleylawfirm.com ,  SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 18 Oct 2022 16:22:52 -0400

 Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: October 18, 2022 at 4:20PM Eastern

eFiler: KANNADY, DONALD MATTHEW (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: NEGUSSIE, ABEBA VS. THE KROGER COMPANY

Case Number: 21-CI-004416

Envelope Number: 5170317

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Kannady, Donald Matthew - Matthew.Kannady@Dinsmore.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
NOTICE OF CANCELLATION: OF A. NEGUSSIE DEPOSITION

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=58FB47EC-94A9-4DC0-8B75-4993D55CEDE6

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 12:35:19

Recvd NEF - DC Filed Notice of Cancellation of Client Deposition - Aware of language barrier and need for translator - Client is not very cooperative in disclosing her native dialect - Only states that she does not need a translator as she understands English very well - Unfortunately, Client does not seem to understand English as well as she thinks and her answers tend to not match the question - Also Client has a very thick accent so her english is very hard to understand - Assoc Franklin is working with Client on this - Per Client would like to reschedule for sometime after Thanksgiving #DepoSch
