---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-17

**Case:** [[cases/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021|Abeba Negussie Premise 01/27/2021]]

## 12:18:09

__Abeba Negussie - Deposition Rescheduling__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 17 Oct 2022 12:17:41 -0400

Hey Joel,
    Just FYI, Abeba called this morning and advised that if we have to
reschedule her deposition, she would like for it to be after Thanksgiving.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 12:16:31

Recvd VM & Call from Client - Client would like to have Deposition Rescheduled for after Thanksgiving - Advised will send information over to Assoc Franklin #cc #Deposch

## 12:14:12

__New Voice Message from ARAYA,BERIHU (206) 963-6927 on 10/17/2022 11:56 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 17 Oct 2022 15:56:53 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ARAYA,BERIHU (206) 963-6927 
*Received:* Monday, October 17, 2022 at 11:56 AM 
*Length:* 00:22 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Serena. This is Deborah I'll call you after he left a message. I called 
you twice and nobody answers can you please give me a call. I need to talk 
to you about my case and then please give me a call. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
