---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-01

**Case:** [[cases/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021/abeba-negussie-premise-01-27-2021|Abeba Negussie Premise 01/27/2021]]

## 12:32:00

__Fwd: New Voice Message from ARAYA,BERIHU (206) 963-6927 on 02/01/2023 10:43 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 11:28:53 -0500

Hey Joel,
      Abeba called and would like to have a meeting prior to her deposition
on the 7th. I advised that there is an hour allotted prior to the
deposition and she seemed ok with that but wanted to let you know in case
you feel it would be better to call her the day before or something.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 10:44 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from ARAYA,BERIHU (206) 963-6927 on 02/01/2023
10:43 AM
To: Sarena Tuttle 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ARAYA,BERIHU (206) 963-6927
*Received:* Wednesday, February 01, 2023 at 10:43 AM
*Length:* 00:20
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hello, Serena. This is Deborah can you please give me a call. I need to
see you or I need to see him before the appointment. Thank you, give me a
call please my phone number is 206-963-6927. Thank you. Bye bye."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.

## 12:30:52

Recvd Client VM - Returned her call - She would like to meet w/Assoc Franklin prior to  her deposition - Advised there is an hour prior to the deposition to go any questions - She was ok with this - Advised would let Assoc Franklin know & see if he would like to reach out to her maybe the day before - Sent VM to Assoc Franklin advising #Lit #cc #Depo #Assoc
