---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-12

**Case:** [[cases/joshua-davis-mva-10-23-2020/joshua-davis-mva-10-23-2020|Joshua Davis MVA 10/23/2020]]

## 10:21:58

__Re: Odd question__
From: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
To: Joshua Davis  [maximus.dog042017@gmail.com](mailto:maximus.dog042017@gmail.com)
CC: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 12 Apr 2023 13:43:27 +0000

Josh,

We have not heard anything yet. I suspect he’s recently received the transcript and now he’ll have to go over everything and talk with his client. Then he’ll reach out and we will know where you case will be headed.

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
502.416.1206

From: Joshua Davis 
Date: Wednesday, April 12, 2023 at 9:05 AM
To: Joel Franklin 
Subject: Re: Odd question
So you heard anything about my case?

On Mon, Mar 20, 2023, 9:37 AM Joel Franklin > wrote:
Thanks Josh!

On Mon, Mar 20, 2023 at 9:07 AM Joshua Davis > wrote:
Middle name is Faron

On Mon, Mar 20, 2023, 8:53 AM Joel Franklin > wrote:
What is your middle name and do you have a child named “Heavenly Diane Davis?” I was appointed to track a person down with the same name as you. If this is you, I have to recuse myself.

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
Franklin Injury Law, PLLC
517 W. Ormsby Ave.
Louisville, KY 40203
P. 502.416.1206
F. 502.638.4581
www.franklininjury.com

Rate me on Google!
https://reviewthis.biz/franklininjurylaw



--

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
Franklin Injury Law, PLLC
517 W. Ormsby Ave.
Louisville, KY 40203
P. 502.416.1206
F. 502.638.4581
www.franklininjury.com


Inline image


***Sent from my mobile device. Please excuse any spelling errors.


Confidentiality Notice - Thttps://www.google.com/maps/search/517amed recipient and may contain information that is confidential, subject to attorney-client privilege, the work-product doctrine and other privileges. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by return email and delete the original message at once.
