---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-14

**Case:** [[cases/juanita-nicole-downs-mva-05-31-2022/juanita-nicole-downs-mva-05-31-2022|Juanita Nicole Downs MVA 05/31/2022]]

## 14:17:55

Recvd DC Stempien Request for Extension to Answer Complaint as well - Their position is service is not effective service - Requested Notice of Intent to File Default if we decide too - Also asked if we intended to Amend Complaint - If so "perhaps we should just wait to see what happens when you try to serve that on Ms. Nail." - AW Granted extension to August 1st - Advised he would grant indefinite extension should Allstate extend coverage in order to resolve claim w/Allstate #Lit #Extension

## 14:13:44

__Re: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
CC: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  "A. Campbell Ewen"  [ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com](mailto:ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com),  Beth Alexander  [BAlexander@thattorneys.com](mailto:BAlexander@thattorneys.com)
Date: Thu, 14 Jul 2022 11:02:52 -0400

I have no objection to an extension to August 1. If Allstate were to extend
coverage I would have no objection to an indefinite extension while I
attempt to resolve the claim with Allstate.

On Thu, Jul 14, 2022 at 10:50 AM Brian Stempien 
wrote:

> Aaron and Ms. Tuttle:
>
>
>
> With respect to service, I would simply note that the return actually
> attached to the electronic file on Courtnet just simply has the work COVID
> spelled out.  Our position at this time is that this is not effective
> service.  If you disagree or intend to file a motion for default, please
> let us know.
>
>
>
> Second, while I should have confirmed at the time, my recollection is that
> we discussed a 30 day extension of the time to Answer by agreement.  At
> this point, please let me know if you are opposed to an extension through
> August 1.
>
>
>
> Finally, do you intend to move to amend the Complaint?  If so, perhaps we
> should just wait to see what happens when you try to serve that on Ms.
> Nail.
>
>
>
> Thank You,
>
>
>
> Brian D. Stempien
>
> Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
>
> Jefferson Marders Building
>
> 11507 Main Street
>
> Middletown Historic District
>
> Louisville, KY 40243
>
> Office:         (502) 245-7474
>
> Fax:              (502) 245-7025
>
> Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
>
> E-Mail: *bstempien*@thattorneys.com 
>
> Web: http://www.thslaw.co
>
>
>
>  [image: cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]
>
>
>
> Privileged and Confidential
> Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal,
> the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and
> Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity
> named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient,
> or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient,
> you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of
> this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
> communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please
> immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your
> computer.
>
> *No Attorney-Client Relationship*.
> Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney)
> does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of
> this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or
> recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
>
> The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is
> given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the
> warning is not applicable.
>
> As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated
> Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations
> require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when
> providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to
> comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to
> inform you that since this document does not contain all of such
> disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document
> to avoid tax penalties,* nor may any portion of this document be referred
> to in any marketing or promotional materials.*
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle [mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com]
> *Sent:* Thursday, June 30, 2022 2:20 PM
> *To:* Brian Stempien 
> *Cc:* A. Campbell Ewen ; Aaron Whaley <
> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com>
> *Subject:* Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate
>
>
>
> Good afternoon Mr. Stempien,
>
>     Thank you for your letter dated 06/28/2022 noticing your
> representation of Stephanie Nail at the request of Allstate. We are always
> more than happy to discuss settlement at any point if your office would
> like to make an offer. However, if not, moving forward, per CourtNet your
> client, Stephanie Nail was served via Certified Mail on 06/15/2022. We look
> forward to receiving your Answer on behalf of Mrs. Nail on or about July
> 15, 2022.
>
>      If you would like to discuss settlement or need anything further,
> please feel free to contact us directly to discuss the claim in more
> detail. In the meantime, please find attached the Interrogatories
> propounded upon your client along with the Complaint on 06/15/2022.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 365-9435
>
> O: (502) 583-4022
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials.
> Click here
> 
> to report this email as spam.
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:12:54

__RE: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate__
From: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "A. Campbell Ewen"  [ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com](mailto:ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com),  Beth Alexander  [BAlexander@thattorneys.com](mailto:BAlexander@thattorneys.com)
Date: Thu, 14 Jul 2022 14:50:19 +0000

Aaron and Ms. Tuttle:

With respect to service, I would simply note that the return actually attached to the electronic file on Courtnet just simply has the work COVID spelled out.  Our position at this time is that this is not effective service.  If you disagree or intend to file a motion for default, please let us know.

Second, while I should have confirmed at the time, my recollection is that we discussed a 30 day extension of the time to Answer by agreement.  At this point, please let me know if you are opposed to an extension through August 1.

Finally, do you intend to move to amend the Complaint?  If so, perhaps we should just wait to see what happens when you try to serve that on Ms. Nail.

Thank You,

Brian D. Stempien
Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
Jefferson Marders Building
11507 Main Street
Middletown Historic District
Louisville, KY 40243
Office:         (502) 245-7474
Fax:              (502) 245-7025
Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
E-Mail: bstempien@thattorneys.com
Web: http://www.thslaw.co

 [cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]

Privileged and Confidential
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal, the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your computer.
No Attorney-Client Relationship.
Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney) does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the warning is not applicable.
As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to inform you that since this document does not contain all of such disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document to avoid tax penalties, nor may any portion of this document be referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.

From: Sarena Tuttle [mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 30, 2022 2:20 PM
To: Brian Stempien 
Cc: A. Campbell Ewen ; Aaron Whaley 
Subject: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate

Good afternoon Mr. Stempien,
    Thank you for your letter dated 06/28/2022 noticing your representation of Stephanie Nail at the request of Allstate. We are always more than happy to discuss settlement at any point if your office would like to make an offer. However, if not, moving forward, per CourtNet your client, Stephanie Nail was served via Certified Mail on 06/15/2022. We look forward to receiving your Answer on behalf of Mrs. Nail on or about July 15, 2022.
     If you would like to discuss settlement or need anything further, please feel free to contact us directly to discuss the claim in more detail. In the meantime, please find attached the Interrogatories propounded upon your client along with the Complaint on 06/15/2022.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)




________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials. Click here to report this email as spam.
