---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-29

**Case:** [[cases/janeth-blevins-mva-06-21-2022/janeth-blevins-mva-06-21-2022|Janeth Blevins MVA 06/21/2022]]

## 18:14:42

__Re: New intake Janeth Blevins - MVA (TEAM SARENA)__
From: Brandon French  [brandon@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:brandon@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Cameron Smith  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)ate: Mon, 29 Aug 2022 16:39:35 -0400

Police report attached

On Mon, Aug 29, 2022 at 9:58 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Received, thank you.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Thu, Aug 25, 2022 at 4:41 PM Brandon French 
> wrote:
>
>> Signed intake docs attached
>>
>> --
>>
>> *Brandon French*
>> Intake Coordinator
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
>> Office: (502) 583-4022
>> Email: Brandon@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>>
>>
>>

-- 

*Brandon French*
Intake Coordinator
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
Email: Brandon@whaleylawfirm.com

## 10:05:08

@stuttle Follow up on PR number

## 10:04:48

Good morning Janeth, 
   Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm. Please send the report number as long with any photos or documents you have received related to your claim as a reply to this number to be automatically uploaded into your file. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at (502) 583-4022.

## 15:30:20

Hi April - Janeth Blevins is our client and the case mgr Sarena asked me to get her set up to schedule an appointment at Aptiva Newburg location. Here is the information I have to date: Just wanted to get it on your radar....should have claim info and PIP info soon. Thanks #cc

## 15:14:37

Spoke with Ms Blevins regarding scheduling her for Aptiva - she chose the Newburg location - sending April at Aptiva info for scheduling patient #cc

## 14:53:57

Called Ms Blevins - ST wants her to be seen at Aptiva - called client for preferred location - which is Newburg Rd. Sending request for appt to Aptiva #cc

## 10:03:01

Completed intro call to Client - Has not treated since Urgent Care but having issues with her right arm & shoulder - Sent email to FG to get set up w/Aptiva - Client's husband has PR # but is unable to locate it while on the phone - Sending text for them to send it in - BI Ins Progressive has reached out to them but they did not note the claim number - Will call once have PR #cc
