---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-12"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-12

**Case:** [[cases/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023|Myron Malone MVA 9/11/2023]]

## 11:30:47

__FW: Myron Malone Signed Barrister Capital Contract__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 12 Dec 2023 10:30:39 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Rachael Grider Hayes  
Sent: Tuesday, December 12, 2023 10:27 AM
To: Aaron Whaley ; justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Myron Malone Signed Barrister Capital Contract 

 

Please find his signed contract attached

 

Thank you!

 

*Please send all mail to 8888 Keystone Crossing, Ste 1610 Indianapolis, IN 46240

 



Phone: 502-897-5001

Mailing Address: 8888 Keystone Crossing

Ste 1610

Indianapolis, IN 46240



 

From: Adobe Sign <  adobesign@adobesign.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, December 12, 2023 10:23 AM
To: Rachael Grider Hayes <  rachael@barristercapital.com>; Myron Malone <  mraynette@icloud.com>
Subject: Myron Malone Barrister Capital Contract between Barrister Capital and Myron Malone is Signed and Filed!

 


   
      

 



   

   


   

Myron Malone Barrister Capital Contract between Barrister Capital and Myron Malone is Signed and Filed! 

To: Rachael Hayes and Myron Malone 

Attached is a final copy of Myron Malone Barrister Capital Contract. 

Copies have been automatically sent to all parties to the agreement.

You can view   the document in your Adobe Acrobat Sign account.

Why use Adobe Acrobat Sign:

*  Exchange, Sign, and File Any Document. In Seconds!

*  Set-up Reminders. Instantly Share Copies with Others.

*  See All of Your Documents, Anytime, Anywhere.


 

To ensure that you continue receiving our emails, please add adobesign@adobesign.com   to your address book or safe list. 

  Terms of Use |   Report Abuse

## 11:04:42

Myron called in asking for the phone number of Barrister group. provide info.
