---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-10

**Case:** [[cases/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-29-2022/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-29-2022|Leonta Sullivan MVA 06/29/2022]]

## 13:11:30

Faye Gaither 
1:10 PM (0 minutes ago)
to Leonta

When I spoke with you on 9/29 - you told me you had completed all medical treatment - Who was the last provider you completed your treatment with (was it the chiropractor  - if so let me know the name of the provider - I have to update your medical for the loan request. #cc

## 13:05:40

__Re: Client Check in__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com), [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LeontaSullivanZ1885267@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 10 Oct 2022 13:05:25 -0400

Note in September that she finished treating. Where did she treat? I don't
see any treater.

On Mon, Oct 10, 2022 at 12:59 PM Faye Gaither 
wrote:

> Ms Sullivan (she can't speak - no voicebox) is seeking $400 from Cap Now
> on her current case. She asked if we could speak with them on her behalf -
> Leonta said:  "they said they need a memo from the lawyer so ya'll have to
> call them please"
> Let me know how to proceed. Faye
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Leonta Sullivan 
> Date: Mon, Oct 10, 2022 at 12:50 PM
> Subject: Re: Client Check in
> To: Faye Gaither 
>
>
> they said they need a memo from the lawyer so ya'll have to call them
> please
>
> On Mon, 10 Oct 2022, 11:42 am Leonta Sullivan, <
> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Thank you!
>>
>> On Mon, 10 Oct 2022, 11:32 am Faye Gaither, 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Yes....I will. I will text/email you when I have spoken with
>>> them.....Faye
>>>
>>> On Mon, Oct 10, 2022 at 11:09 AM Leonta Sullivan <
>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> can you please call them and ask them for a 400.00 loan please I don't
>>>> have nobody to call for me please
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, 10 Oct 2022, 10:33 am Faye Gaither, 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> It will most likely be 30 - 45 days before the bodily injury adjuster
>>>>> comes back with the offer. You may still apply for a loan.You used Capital
>>>>> Now Funding on the previous case. Teir phone number is 502-749-9000. Let me
>>>>> know if I may assist you in any way. Faye
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Mon, Oct 10, 2022 at 9:39 AM Leonta Sullivan <
>>>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> have you heard anything about a settlement yet can I  borrow off of
>>>>>> this lawsuit
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, 29 Sep 2022, 10:51 am Faye Gaither, 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Thanks
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 10:48 AM Leonta Sullivan <
>>>>>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> A pluse on taylor
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, 29 Sep 2022, 10:42 am Faye Gaither, 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Leonta....is that chiro name A Plus or A1?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Sep 29, 2022 at 10:18 AM Leonta Sullivan <
>>>>>>>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Ok, thank you.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, 29 Sep 2022, 9:56 am Faye Gaither, <
>>>>>>>>>> faye@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Thank you for the update - We will change the case phase to
>>>>>>>>>>> demand in progress. Justin will order all medical recs and bills - these
>>>>>>>>>>> are sent with a letter to the insurance co. bodily injury adjuster - once
>>>>>>>>>>> they have the demand in hand - they have a 30 to 45 day window to review
>>>>>>>>>>> and come back to us with an offer. We won't accept any offer - until
>>>>>>>>>>> approved by you.
>>>>>>>>>>> Faye
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 4:02 PM Leonta Sullivan <
>>>>>>>>>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> yes I'm finish with my therapy was going to At chiropractor on
>>>>>>>>>>>> taylor
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, 20 Sep 2022, 1:30 pm Faye Gaither, <
>>>>>>>>>>>> faye@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> not yet - we need to know if you are currently treating or
>>>>>>>>>>>>> have completed your medical treatment - then Justin - your case mgr will
>>>>>>>>>>>>> send the demand for settlement...Faye
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 6:14 PM Leonta Sullivan <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> leontasullivan12345@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> do you know if state farm made a offer
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Mon, 19 Sep 2022, 3:37 pm Faye Gaither, <
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> faye@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Hello Leonta - This is Faye from the Whaley Law Firm. I
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> wanted to check-in with you to see if you have any questions regarding your
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> current case.  If so, do not hesitate to email or text me. Thanks
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Also below is the link for an opportunity to give the Whaley
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Law Firm...a Five Star Review. Just click  on the link below.  Thanks
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> https://arrivala.com/the-whaley-law-firm-479/?location=1085
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Faye Gaither, Client Liaison
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WHALEY LAW FIRM
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:35:20

Leonta emailed me in re: to getting a case loan :  response to client -  will most likely be 30 - 45 days before the bodily injury adjuster comes back with the offer. You may still apply for a loan. You used Capital Now Funding on the previous case. Their phone number is 502-749-9000. Let me know if I may assist you in any way. Faye #cc
