---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-22

**Case:** [[cases/vanessa-k-harrell-mva-1-28-2022/vanessa-k-harrell-mva-1-28-2022|Vanessa K. Harrell MVA 1/28/2022]]

## 13:13:19

__Vanessa Harrell__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [warren.streeter@kyfb.com](mailto:warren.streeter@kyfb.com) Streeter, Warren
Cc: [VanessaKHarrellMVAZ1159233@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:VanessaKHarrellMVAZ1159233@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 22 Sep 2022 13:13:02 -0400

J.R. I will forward the VIN and plate upon receipt.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:11:18

__Re: Facts of accident.__
From: Vanessa Harrell  [vanessaharrell06@gmail.com](mailto:vanessaharrell06@gmail.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 21 Sep 2022 21:57:24 -0400

My son typed that wrong I was trying to turn going northwest but never had
a chance to turn.  Sorry for my statement being so late.

On Wed, Sep 21, 2022, 9:34 AM Vanessa Harrell 
wrote:

> My vehicle was going northwest, the other vehicle was going southeast. I
> had been stopper for at least 2 minutes. Both passenger side bumpers were
> hit. I saw the other car driving in the median for at least 10 to 20
> seconds before impact, but I had nowhere to turn.
>
> On Mon, Sep 19, 2022, 1:28 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Vanessa, I understand that you were coming from Sams Club on January 28.
>> You were in the median waiting to turn left on Laclede when the other
>> vehicle that was also in the median hit you.
>> Which way was your vehicle going?
>> Which way was the other vehicle going?
>> How long had you been stopped before impact?
>> What part of your car was hit?
>> What part of the other car hit you?
>>  Once you answer these questions I am going to send you a written version
>> of the facts for you to sign. Thanks.
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
