---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-19

**Case:** [[cases/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021|Abigail Swan MVA 10/17/2021]]

## 13:31:31

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to obtain police report information. She stated that she's not at home right now. She will obtain the police report tomorrow and will send it to us via email. Sent her an email. She also stated she doesn't know the report number, office badge number or driver's license number. She mentioned that she knows the name of the other party involved but since she's not at home right now, she can't provide the name/info. 

Sent as well an open records request to Lexington Police Dept. to help in obtaining police report and/or further information. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 19 2023

## 13:31:15

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:30:04

__Fwd: Lexington Police Open Records Request Submission__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AbigailSwanMVAZ3814451@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AbigailSwanMVAZ3814451@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 19 Sep 2023 13:27:54 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: no-reply-open-records@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov <
noreply+5a81b325cf8e5265@formstack.com>
Date: Tue, Sep 19, 2023 at 1:26?PM
Subject: Lexington Police Open Records Request Submission
To: 


*Thank you! *

Your request has been submitted.

Per the Kentucky Open Records Act, you can expect our response to your
request within 5 business days. The day the request is received does not
count as one of the business days. For example, if a request is received on
Monday, the request will be completed or a response sent by the end of
business on the following Monday. If it is not clear what documents you are
requesting, or if your request is vague, we may contact you for
clarification.

Requests submitted after 5 p.m. and those submitted on Saturdays, Sundays,
and official government holidays will be received and marked on the next
regular business day. Once your request is completed, our response and
released records (when possible) will be emailed to you from a
*lexingtonpolice.ky.gov
* address. If our response http://lexingtonpolice.ky.gov5 business days, please check your spam/junk folder for an
email from us first. If you still have not received a response please
contact our office.

To learn more about what to expect now that your request has been
submitted, visit Open Records Frequently Asked Questions
.

If you need to speak to someone regarding your request, please contact the
Open Records Unit by calling 859-258-3675 <8592583675>.

## 13:22:44

__Whaley Law Firm - We need the Police Report__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [abimswan@gmail.com](mailto:abimswan@gmail.com) Abigail Swan
Date: Tue, 19 Sep 2023 13:20:32 -0400

Hi Ms. Abigail,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. Please send the police report
information here. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
