---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-06

**Case:** [[cases/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021|Abigail Swan MVA 10/17/2021]]

## 11:38:40

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client, she stated that she's out of town and has been busy. She doesn't have the report number or officer badge number. She will return early next week but she will have her boyfriend come down to Lexington Police Dept. to obtain police report info. 

Sent as well an email and open records request has been submitted to the Lexington Police Department. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 06 2023

## 11:38:23

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:37:54

__Fwd: Lexington Police Open Records Request Submission__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [AbigailSwanMVAZ3814451@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AbigailSwanMVAZ3814451@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 6 Sep 2023 11:35:52 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: no-reply-open-records@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov <
noreply+5a81b325cf8e5265@formstack.com>
Date: Wed, Sep 6, 2023 at 11:35?AM
Subject: Lexington Police Open Records Request Submission
To: 


*Thank you! *

Your request has been submitted.

Per the Kentucky Open Records Act, you can expect our response to your
request within 5 business days. The day the request is received does not
count as one of the business days. For example, if a request is received on
Monday, the request will be completed or a response sent by the end of
business on the following Monday. If it is not clear what documents you are
requesting, or if your request is vague, we may contact you for
clarification.

Requests submitted after 5 p.m. and those submitted on Saturdays, Sundays,
and official government holidays will be received and marked on the next
regular business day. Once your request is completed, our response and
released records (when possible) will be emailed to you from a
*lexingtonpolice.ky.gov
* address. If our response http://lexingtonpolice.ky.gov5 business days, please check your spam/junk folder for an
email from us first. If you still have not received a response please
contact our office.

To learn more about what to expect now that your request has been
submitted, visit Open Records Frequently Asked Questions
.

If you need to speak to someone regarding your request, please contact the
Open Records Unit by calling 859-258-3675 <8592583675>.

## 11:32:59

__Re: Open Records, Lexington Police Department__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [pwade@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov](mailto:pwade@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov) Pamela Wade
Date: Wed, 6 Sep 2023 11:27:20 -0400

Hi Ms. Pamela,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We are trying to locate the police
report for our client, Abigail Swan, the date of the incident was
10/17/2021. A brief description provided by our client, she stated that a
lady pulled an illegal u turn in an intersection and hit the vehicle of Ms.
Swan. If you can provide us the police report number for us to locate the
police report. Thank you so much.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Fri, Jul 7, 2023 at 1:50?PM Pamela Wade 
wrote:

> Good afternoon.
>
> Please see the attached response to your Open Records Request.
>
> If you have any questions please feel free to contact our office at the
> number below.
>
> Thank you.
>
> Pamela J. Wade
>
> Assistant Records Custodian
>
> Open Records Unit
>
> Lexington Police Department
>
> 150 E. Main Street
>
> Lexington, KY 40507
>
> (859) 258-3651
>
> Fax (859) 425-2270
>
> pwade@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov
>
> www.lexingtonky.gov/police-open-records
>
>
>
>
>
>
>

## 11:25:10

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-09-06 15:20:36.558000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 8592303159 

Caller ID: 859-230-3159 

Caller Name: Abigail Swan 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16843489
