---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-30

**Case:** [[cases/candace-moore-mva-10-31-2021/candace-moore-mva-10-31-2021|Candace Moore MVA 10/31/2021]]

## 09:50:42

__Re: Your Motor Vehicle Accident 10/31/2021 - Co-Plaintiff Filed in Hopkins Co Court__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Candace Moore  [candacemarie09111991@gmail.com](mailto:candacemarie09111991@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 2023 09:45:56 -0400

Unfortunately, I do not. They can make an offer any day now or they can
wait until the other claim in litigation goes to mediation.
We will definitely keep you posted and update you as soon as we hear
something.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 4:10?PM Candace Moore <
candacemarie09111991@gmail.com> wrote:

> Also do you have an estimated time frame of when this could be over and
> done.
>
> On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 12:15 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Unfortunately, it does. When we send a Demand it typically begins a
>> 30 day cycle of negotiations. Meaning they have 30 days to review &
>> respond, we respond within the next 30 days & they have another 30 days to
>> respond.
>> However, due to the fact there are so many parties involved in your
>> specific case, and one of those parties has filed the claim in Circuit
>> Court, that timeline gets extended due to the court process. We will do
>> everything we can to get this wrapped up as soon as possible with the best
>> outcome possible.
>> Please do not hesitate to reach out with any questions or concerns and we
>> will discuss them in further detail.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 12:34?PM Candace Moore <
>> candacemarie09111991@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Thank you so much. This process seems to be taking quite a bit of time.
>>>
>>> On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 11:16 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good afternoon Candace,
>>>>      We have submitted Demand Packages to the Defense Counsel on this
>>>> matter and are awaiting their response. I will check in with Bryce and see
>>>> if we have gotten any response to date.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> Litigation Paralegal &
>>>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Oct 26, 2023 at 8:57?PM Candace Moore <
>>>> candacemarie09111991@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hello, this Candace moore. I’m just wanting to get an update with my
>>>>> case I hadn’t heard anything in awhile. If you could give me a call
>>>>> 270-820-4338. If I do not answer just leave me a message. Thank you for
>>>>> your time.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Fri, Nov 4, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good afternoon Candace,
>>>>>>    Thank you for taking a few minutes to speak with me today
>>>>>> about the upcoming litigation of your claim and the claims of your
>>>>>> children. Please keep us up to date on how your appointment goes with your
>>>>>> primary care provider and feel free to reach out if you have any questions
>>>>>> along the way.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>

## 09:49:49

__Re: Your Motor Vehicle Accident 10/31/2021 - Co-Plaintiff Filed in Hopkins Co Court__
From: Candace Moore  [candacemarie09111991@gmail.com](mailto:candacemarie09111991@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 2023 15:10:17 -0500

Also do you have an estimated time frame of when this could be over and
done.

On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 12:15 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Unfortunately, it does. When we send a Demand it typically begins a 30 day
> cycle of negotiations. Meaning they have 30 days to review & respond, we
> respond within the next 30 days & they have another 30 days to respond.
> However, due to the fact there are so many parties involved in your
> specific case, and one of those parties has filed the claim in Circuit
> Court, that timeline gets extended due to the court process. We will do
> everything we can to get this wrapped up as soon as possible with the best
> outcome possible.
> Please do not hesitate to reach out with any questions or concerns and we
> will discuss them in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 12:34?PM Candace Moore <
> candacemarie09111991@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Thank you so much. This process seems to be taking quite a bit of time.
>>
>> On Fri, Oct 27, 2023 at 11:16 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good afternoon Candace,
>>>      We have submitted Demand Packages to the Defense Counsel on this
>>> matter and are awaiting their response. I will check in with Bryce and see
>>> if we have gotten any response to date.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> Litigation Paralegal &
>>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Thu, Oct 26, 2023 at 8:57?PM Candace Moore <
>>> candacemarie09111991@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hello, this Candace moore. I’m just wanting to get an update with my
>>>> case I hadn’t heard anything in awhile. If you could give me a call
>>>> 270-820-4338. If I do not answer just leave me a message. Thank you for
>>>> your time.
>>>>
>>>> On Fri, Nov 4, 2022 at 10:39 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Good afternoon Candace,
>>>>>    Thank you for taking a few minutes to speak with me today about the
>>>>> upcoming litigation of your claim and the claims of your children. Please
>>>>> keep us up to date on how your appointment goes with your primary care
>>>>> provider and feel free to reach out if you have any questions along the
>>>>> way.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>> 
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 
>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>
>>>>

## 09:48:11

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
