---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-01

**Case:** [[cases/john-anthony-rucker-ii-mva-10-08-2022/john-anthony-rucker-ii-mva-10-08-2022|John Anthony Rucker II MVA 10/08/2022]]

## 14:16:10

Contact John Anthony Rucker II at (330) 760-6447 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 13:49:48

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Def pulled out a parking lot and hit p on passenger side causing P to flip over. 
Happened on Goldsmith Ln and Bardstown Rd 

LMPD responded 

Ems to Baptist East
Going to Jeffersontown Chiropractic 
Gave him Synergy’s info for diagnostics and Ortho 

__Incident Date__
10/8/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Time of Accident__
8pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Def pulled out a parking lot and hit p on passenger side causing P to flip over.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
Was just sore, L shoulder 

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
Yes

__EMS Services__
Transport to Hospital

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
Baptist East Hospital

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Jeffersontown Chiropractic

__Prior Injuries & Medical Notes:__
Also gave synergy for ortho

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Progressive Insurance Company

__Claim Number__
Will text us 

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2016 Dodge Caravan 

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
Yes

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
Auto Base Corporation

__Job Title__
Supervisor 

__Rate of Pay__
25

__Per:__
Hour

__BI Claim Number__
No coverage 

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Unsure 

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def pulled out of parking lot and struck P

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
10/29/2022 8:41:57 AM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : johnrucker20@yahoo.cim
First : John
Last : Anthony Rucker II
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +13307606447
Summary : How:Car Accident 
When: Within 1-3 Months
Injuries: Whiplash or Soft Tissue Neck and Back Pain
Attorney: No, I do not have an attorney
Description: I was T bone by a vehicle as he came out of a parking lot very fast. My minivan was flipped to it side and was total

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
10/31/2022 11:28:10 AM - Brandon French - Changed lead status to Chase / Chase 24 Hour #1 - Chase status updated

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/1/2022 1:30:08 PM - Jacob Santiago - Changed lead status to Chase / Chase 24 Hour #2 - called PC: details as follows: Date of Incident: October 08, 2022 around 8:00 PM // Injuries Acquired: bruises and shoulder pain a described by PC and her also mentioned he got knocked out // Medical treatment: as per PC pain management and chiropractor || had the call transferred over


Note last edited by Jacob Santiago - 11/1/2022 1:32 PM
-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/1/2022 1:43:44 PM - Brandon French - Changed lead status to Pending Signup / Electronic Signature - Intake complete waiting on Esign 

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:10/29/2022 8:41:57 AM - From: +15026773361 - To: 3307606447 - Message:  - Hello John Anthony Rucker Ii, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:10/29/2022 8:41:57 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: johnrucker20@yahoo.cim - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi John,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:10/31/2022 11:28:10 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: johnrucker20@yahoo.cim - Message: John, this is The Whaley Law Firm. How can we help! - Hello John, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. My name is Brandon French and I am the Intake Coordinator for our firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502) 677-3361. If you prefer, you can always email me by REPLYING to this message..

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/1/2022 1:30:08 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 3307606447 - Message:  - Let The Whaley Law Firm help you get the settlement you deserve. It is very important for us to start working as soon as possible to get you the settlement you deserve.   It looks like we have still yet to speak with you further and are reaching out in hopes to gather some additional information to see if we can assist you with this matter. Please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502-677-3361 or let us know a good time for us to call you.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/1/2022 1:30:08 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: johnrucker20@yahoo.cim - Message: Legal help from The Whaley Law Firm - Hello John.

You contacted The Whaley Law Firm recently requesting help for a legal problem.  Do you still need assistance?  If so, please call 502-677-3361, or reply to this email.  We would like to speak with you to see how we can help.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm

-----------------End Message-----------------
