---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-03

**Case:** [[cases/kendra-fogle-mva-12-10-2022/kendra-fogle-mva-12-10-2022|Kendra Fogle MVA 12/10/2022]]

## 11:01:39

Recvd Email from Client - Asking about lost wages - Reviewed Intake Call Notes - Client stated she was not working at the time of the accident - Reviewed Intake from LD - Same - Client state she was not working at the time of the accident - Replied advised Client she stated she was not working at the time of the accident and therefore Lost Wages would not be available to her - Asked if there is additional information that we should consider - Awaiting response #cc #lostwages #PIP

## 10:45:23

__Re: Lost Wages__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Repair Path  [repairpath@gmail.com](mailto:repairpath@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 3 Feb 2023 09:39:36 -0500

Good morning Kendra,
    Thank you, I hope things are getting better for you as well. Brandon &
I both have noted that you were not working (unemployed) at the time of the
accident. While we understand the accident & your injuries may have kept
you from working since the accident, if you were not gainfully employed
prior to & at the time of accident, lost wages would not be available. Is
there additional information you would like us to consider?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Feb 2, 2023 at 4:37 PM Repair Path  wrote:

> Hello Sarena,
> I hope your day is going well!
>
> I would like to know how to go about applying for the lost wages. Can you
> please advise?
>
> All the best,
> Kendra Fogle
>

## 10:44:33

__Lost Wages__
From: Repair Path  [repairpath@gmail.com](mailto:repairpath@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 2 Feb 2023 16:37:07 -0500

Hello Sarena,
I hope your day is going well!

I would like to know how to go about applying for the lost wages. Can you
please advise?

All the best,
Kendra Fogle
