---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-16

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 13:04:46

Recvd Client VM - He was supposed to return to light duty today - Corporate sent him home as they are unable to accommodate the restrictions in place - He is back on medical leave until his appointment on January 3, 2023 #cc #Lostwages #UTA

## 13:02:57

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 on 12/16/2022 11:08 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 16 Dec 2022 16:09:08 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 
*Received:* Friday, December 16, 2022 at 11:08 AM 
*Length:* 00:29 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Elaine Cooper. I was calling to let you know that 
corporate has sent me home due to the doctors or restrictions and I got a 
follow up on January third to see if I can go back to work, but they are 
placing me back on medical leave just calling to give you an update if you 
have any questions give me a call back at 502-909-4512. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
