---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-01

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 20:07:15

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 on 01/26/2023 9:25 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 26 Jan 2023 14:25:35 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 
*Received:* Thursday, January 26, 2023 at 9:25 AM 
*Length:* 00:13 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Wayne Chandler. I was calling you back to give you 
the updated information about the surgery could you please give me a call 
back at 502909454. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 13:04:52

__New Fax Message from MOHAMED ALIS (502) 290-3574 on 02/01/2023 12:04 PM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 17:04:41 +0000 (UTC)





    




    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    MOHAMED ALIS (502) 290-3574
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Wednesday, February 01, 2023 at 12:04 PM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    7
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:41:51

__New Fax Message from MOHAMED ALIS (502) 290-3574 on 02/01/2023 11:41 AM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 16:41:39 +0000 (UTC)





    




    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    MOHAMED ALIS (502) 290-3574
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Wednesday, February 01, 2023 at 11:41 AM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    31
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 16:56:02

__Re: Fw: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From: Eric Lowe [elowe@aptivahealth.com](mailto:elowe@aptivahealth.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 20:55:51 +0000

We will give it our best! I will let you know.


Eric Lowe, CEO


MOBILE:

EMAIL:

WEB:

ADDRESS:






502-387-1466

elowe@aptivahealth.com

aptivahealth.com

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218



[Title: Facebook - Description: Facebook icon]   [Title: LinkedIn - Description: LinkedIn icon]     [Title: Twitter - Description: Twitter Icon] 



***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.***

________________________________
From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Wednesday, February 1, 2023 2:39 PM
To: Eric Lowe ; Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022 
Subject: Re: Fw: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991

He is. Justin sent it to me for my thoughts. I don't know limits yet. I would prefer it all go through health insurance. Try and get it all authorized.

On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 2:25 PM Eric Lowe > wrote:
Hey buddy,

Please see below. Not sure if Justin is still there. To clarify, we take WellCare Medicare not Medicaid. That said, I will see if we can get it authorized, but worst-case scenario, we could have the hospital and anesthesia bill Medicaid and we would hold the surgeon's portion (only) on a lien. Just let me know your thoughts.

Thanks,


Eric Lowe, CEO


MOBILE:

EMAIL:

WEB:

ADDRESS:






502-387-1466

elowe@aptivahealth.com

aptivahealth.com

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218



[Title: Facebook - Description: Facebook icon]   [Title: LinkedIn - Description: LinkedIn icon]     [Title: Twitter - Description: Twitter Icon] 



***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.***

________________________________
From: Kellie Wilson >
Sent: Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:21 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com >
Cc: Amanda Lowe >; Eric Lowe >
Subject: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991


Good afternoon,



Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon’s fees on a lien and have everyone else’s fees billed to personal health insurance. I have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if we proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed.



Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991

MVA: 10/07/2022



Surgery Recommended:

Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder).





Thank you,



Kellie Wilson

Surgery Coordinator

Aptiva Health

Phone: 502-909-0772

Fax: 855-859-0123






--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:58:59

__Re: FW: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 14:58:40 -0500

Sounds good. Let me know if I need to do anything.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 2:56 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> I called Statefarm to ask about [policy limits, UIM and PIP. THere system
> was down. I will likely have PIP sent here so they can "exhaust" then
> Aptiva can bill insurance and I can reimburse them.
>
> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 2:51 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Thank you JC.
>>  AW, do you want to release PIP?
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 1:22 PM  wrote:
>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Justin Chumbley
>>>
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>
>>> Ph: (502)583-4022
>>>
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> *From:* Kellie Wilson 
>>> *Sent:* Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:22 PM
>>> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
>>> *Cc:* Amanda Lowe ; Eric Lowe <
>>> elowe@aptivahealth.com>
>>> *Subject:* Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Good afternoon,
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was
>>> recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which
>>> we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP
>>> exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon’s fees on
>>> a lien and have everyone else’s fees billed to personal health insurance. I
>>> have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if
>>> we proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991
>>>
>>> MVA: 10/07/2022
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Surgery Recommended:
>>>
>>> Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial
>>> Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder).
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Thank you,
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Kellie Wilson
>>>
>>> Surgery Coordinator
>>>
>>> Aptiva Health
>>>
>>> Phone: 502-909-0772
>>>
>>> Fax: 855-859-0123
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 15:56:12

__Re: FW: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022
Cc: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 14:55:51 -0500

I called Statefarm to ask about [policy limits, UIM and PIP. THere system
was down. I will likely have PIP sent here so they can "exhaust" then
Aptiva can bill insurance and I can reimburse them.

On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 2:51 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Thank you JC.
>  AW, do you want to release PIP?
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 1:22 PM  wrote:
>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> Justin Chumbley
>>
>> Whaley Law Firm
>>
>> Ph: (502)583-4022
>>
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Kellie Wilson 
>> *Sent:* Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:22 PM
>> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
>> *Cc:* Amanda Lowe ; Eric Lowe <
>> elowe@aptivahealth.com>
>> *Subject:* Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991
>>
>>
>>
>> Good afternoon,
>>
>>
>>
>> Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was
>> recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which
>> we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP
>> exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon’s fees on
>> a lien and have everyone else’s fees billed to personal health insurance. I
>> have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if
>> we proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed.
>>
>>
>>
>> Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991
>>
>> MVA: 10/07/2022
>>
>>
>>
>> Surgery Recommended:
>>
>> Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial
>> Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder).
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you,
>>
>>
>>
>> Kellie Wilson
>>
>> Surgery Coordinator
>>
>> Aptiva Health
>>
>> Phone: 502-909-0772
>>
>> Fax: 855-859-0123
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:55:25

__Re: FW: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 14:51:29 -0500

Thank you JC.
 AW, do you want to release PIP?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 1:22 PM  wrote:

>
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Kellie Wilson 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:22 PM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Cc:* Amanda Lowe ; Eric Lowe <
> elowe@aptivahealth.com>
> *Subject:* Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991
>
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was
> recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which
> we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP
> exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon’s fees on
> a lien and have everyone else’s fees billed to personal health insurance. I
> have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if
> we proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed.
>
>
>
> Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991
>
> MVA: 10/07/2022
>
>
>
> Surgery Recommended:
>
> Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial
> Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder).
>
>
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> Kellie Wilson
>
> Surgery Coordinator
>
> Aptiva Health
>
> Phone: 502-909-0772
>
> Fax: 855-859-0123
>
>
>
>
>

## 15:53:30

Ack'd JC forward from Aptiva - Client recommended for surgery - Provider will need PIP Exhaust Letter to bill Wellcare for surgery or can treat on lien - PIP Reserved - Asked AW if he would like to exhaust PIP for Wellcare Billing - Awaiting Response #TxStatus #Provider #Medicaid #PIP #Lien

## 15:40:13

__Re: Fw: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [elowe@aptivahealth.com](mailto:elowe@aptivahealth.com) Eric Lowe, [waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:waynecoomerjrz2250721@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 14:39:52 -0500

He is. Justin sent it to me for my thoughts. I don't know limits yet. I
would prefer it all go through health insurance. Try and get it all
authorized.

On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 2:25 PM Eric Lowe  wrote:

> Hey buddy,
>
> Please see below. Not sure if Justin is still there. To clarify, we take
> WellCare Medicare not Medicaid. That said, I will see if we can get it
> authorized, but worst-case scenario, we could have the hospital and
> anesthesia bill Medicaid and we would hold the surgeon's portion (only) on
> a lien. Just let me know your thoughts.
>
> Thanks,
>
> *Eric Lowe, CEO*
>
>
> *MOBILE:*
>
> *EMAIL:*
>
> *WEB:*
>
> *ADDRESS:*
>
>
>
>
>
>
> 502-387-1466
>
> elowe@aptivahealth.com
>
> aptivahealth.com
>
> 3615 Newburg Road
>
> Louisville, KY 40218
>
>
>
> [image: Title: Facebook - Description: Facebook icon]
>    [image: Title: LinkedIn -
> Description: LinkedIn icon]
>    [image: Title:
> Twitter - Description: Twitter Icon] 
>
>
>
> ***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
> the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
> confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
> e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
> intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
> distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
> thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
> please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
> delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.***
>
> ------------------------------
> *From:* Kellie Wilson 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:21 PM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
> *Cc:* Amanda Lowe ; Eric Lowe <
> elowe@aptivahealth.com>
> *Subject:* Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was
> recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which
> we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP
> exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon’s fees on
> a lien and have everyone else’s fees billed to personal health insurance. I
> have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if
> we proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed.
>
>
>
> Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991
>
> MVA: 10/07/2022
>
>
>
> Surgery Recommended:
>
> Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial
> Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder).
>
>
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> Kellie Wilson
>
> Surgery Coordinator
>
> Aptiva Health
>
> Phone: 502-909-0772
>
> Fax: 855-859-0123
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:23:03

__FW: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Cc: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Sarena Tuttle'
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 13:22:54 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Kellie Wilson  
Sent: Wednesday, February 1, 2023 1:22 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Cc: Amanda Lowe ; Eric Lowe 
Subject: Wayne Coomer 11/22/1991

 

Good afternoon,

 

Your client Wayne Coomer, was seen by Dr. Smith in our office and was
recommended for surgery. The patient has Wellcare Medicaid insurance, which
we accept, however to bill the personal health insurance we need the PIP
exhaust letter. Another option we can do is bill only the surgeon's fees on
a lien and have everyone else's fees billed to personal health insurance. I
have attached the underwriter checklist that will need to be completed if we
proceed on a lien. Please let me know how you would like to proceed. 

 

Wayne Coomer DOB: 11/22/1991

MVA: 10/07/2022

 

Surgery Recommended:

Biceps Tenodesis Arthroscopic, Distal Clavicle Excision, and Subacromial
Decompression with Acromioplasty (Left Shoulder). 

 

 

Thank you, 

 

Kellie Wilson

Surgery Coordinator

Aptiva Health

Phone: 502-909-0772

Fax: 855-859-0123
