---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-29"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-29

**Case:** [[cases/yevette-seewright-mva-02-09-2022/yevette-seewright-mva-02-09-2022|Yevette Seewright MVA 02/09/2022]]

## 21:41:55

__RE: Claim#:048731972-02__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Jamari.McCorvey@libertymutual.com](mailto:Jamari.McCorvey@libertymutual.com) 'McCorvey, Jamari'
Date: Wed, 29 Mar 2023 21:41:50 -0400

Jamari,

 

Our client’s are Yevette Seewright and Jeriyah Peppers. Please clarify

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: McCorvey, Jamari  
Sent: Wednesday, March 29, 2023 7:39 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim#:048731972-02

 


 
 

 
 

		

 

	

Hello Justin,

 

Please see attached copy of denial letter for your client Bernard Cleaveland
as we are unable to afford coverages for this due to insufficient evidence
that our insured is at fault for the collision. If you may find any
additional evidence that could change this decision please feel free to
contact me directly my contact information is below in signature.

 

 

 

For more information about your claim, please visit your online account
  or contact me.

 

 

Sincerely,

Jamari, McCorvey 

 

  _____  



 
 

Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. 




 
 


 
 


 
 



View claim
status 


Check payment
information 


View your Claims
Representative's
information 


 
 Login  ?

	

 

	
		


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 048731972},{Exposure-Number : 02},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
APDFREEFORM_SF}]

		


Policy Underwritten by Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois

(c)2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance. Thttp://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_Clipattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco Insurance
Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50 states and
the District of Columbia.

	

 

 

Jamari, McCorvey

Claims Resolution Rep II, APD 

U.S. Global Retail Markets - Inside Auto

-------------- 

Liberty Mutual Insurance ¦ Safeco Insurance

PO Box 5014

Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Direct Dial: 469-997-6356

Fax: 888-828-8840
