---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-12"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-12

**Case:** [[cases/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023|Myron Malone MVA 9/11/2023]]

## 11:38:47

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 12 Oct 2023 11:26:31 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:41:55

New Medical Provider Added

## 08:20:52

__Fwd: New Text Message from Myron Malone on 10/11/2023 5:59 PM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 12 Oct 2023 08:20:35 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Oct 11, 2023 at 5:59?PM
Subject: New Text Message from Myron Malone on 10/11/2023 5:59 PM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Text Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new text message:
*From:* Myron Malone
*To:* Jessa Galosmo
*Received:* Wednesday, October 11, 2023 at 5:59 PM
*Message:* He will be done around about Tuesday or Wednesday and he said
long it going to take after this
To reply using the RingCentral app
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
