---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-05"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-05

**Case:** [[cases/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023/myron-malone-mva-9-11-2023|Myron Malone MVA 9/11/2023]]

## 13:03:17

__Re: Myron Malone__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [scantlon@kypainassociates.com](mailto:scantlon@kypainassociates.com) Stacey Cantlon, [MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MyronMaloneMVAZ3901421@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Myron Malone MVA 9/11/2023 - Filevine Project Email Address
Cc: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 5 Mar 2024 12:02:58 -0500

Myron's bills exceed $20,000. KPA has been paid almost 80% of your total
bill this is a write-off.

On Tue, Mar 5, 2024 at 12:00?PM Stacey Cantlon <
scantlon@kypainassociates.com> wrote:

> Good afternoon,
>
> I spoke with State Farm adjuster Amy G. and she informed me the remaining
> PIP for Myron Malone, date of accident 9/11/23, has been sent to your
> office.
>
> We have an outstanding balance of $280.80 for date of service 9/26/23.
> Can you give me an update on the payment status please?
>
>
>
> Thank you for your time and assistance.
>
>
>
> *Stacey Cantlon*
>
> Collections Administrator / Medical Records
>
> *Kentucky Pain Associates*
>
> 222 South 1st Street, Suite 300
>
> Louisville, KY 40202
>
>
>
> Direct: 502-719-5131
>
> Fax: 502-587-0479
>
> www.KYPainAssociates.com 
>
>
>
> *Offices in Louisville, Lexington & Elizabethtown*
>
>
>
> 
>
>
>
>    [image: Logo, company name Description
> automatically generated] 
> 
>
>
>
> [image: Image result for review us on google]
> [image:
> Image result for find us on facebook logo]
>  [image: Follow us on
> Facebook & Instagram! | New 2 You Upscale Retail Shop]
> 
>
>
>
> The contents of this message, together with any attachments, are intended
> only for the use of the person(s) to which they are addressed and may
> contain confidential and/or privileged information. Further, any medical
> information herein is confidential and protected by law. It is unlawful for
> unauthorized persons to use, review, copy, disclose, or disseminate
> confidential medical information. If you are not the intended recipient,
> immediately advise the sender and delete this message and any attachments.
> Any distribution, or copying of this message, or any attachment, is
> prohibited.
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
