---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-08

**Case:** [[cases/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-04-2021/leonta-sullivan-mva-06-04-2021|Leonta Sullivan MVA 06/04/2021]]

## 17:19:11

__Fwd: New Voice Message from OCALA FL (352) 261-6233 on 03/08/2023 1:46 PM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Wed, 8 Mar 2023 16:18:56 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Mar 8, 2023 at 1:46?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from OCALA FL (352) 261-6233 on 03/08/2023 1:46
PM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* OCALA FL (352) 261-6233
*Received:* Wednesday, March 08, 2023 at 1:46 PM
*Length:* 01:11
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 105 Jessa Galosmo

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Hi, there. This is Beth Freeman with nationwide insurance. I had this
number for Cameron Smith. I am following up on an old closed claim
regarding client Leanne Auto Sullivan. I had that was handling her pick
claim for the accident at June. Fourth of 2021 and I had reason to issue an
interest payment. I was late on paying some bills and so I made that
payment out to her for $75.44, but I mailed it care of your office and I
just got a notice from money Services indicating that check remains under
cashed. So I was calling to verify that you had in fact forwarded that
check to miss Sullivan and maybe whatever I'm sorry, if you could take a
quick look in your file and give me a call back let me know, I'd greatly
appreciate it. This morning is actually owed to Ms. Sullivan and if it's
not clear cleared up the money will go to the state. So I look forward to
hearing back from you. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
