---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-02

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 15:13:53

Recvd email from Provider E&B looking to get pre-approval for Client Post-Op Physical therapy - Forwarded to Leia (WC Adj Cover) & Samantha (DC):
To whom it may concern this email is a request for authorization of post operative physical therapy for Cynthia Guenther DOB 3/20/1963. Cynthia's surgery has been rescheduled for 3/4/2022 and her first outpatient postoperative therapy appointment is scheduled for 3/21/2022 @ 11:30 with Drew. Patient's first follow up appointment with Dr. Popham is scheduled for 4/4/2022. Can you please approve 4-5 visits to take her to her followup appointment with the MD? 

Thank you, 

Nicole 502-585-4571

## 15:10:53

__Request for Authorization EBEPSC02__
From: Nicole Lockett  [nicole.l@eandbortho.com](mailto:nicole.l@eandbortho.com)
To: stuttle.wlf@gmail.com ,  theresa_walker@gbtpa.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 2 Feb 2022 14:03:33 -0500

To whom it may concern this email is a request for authorization of post
operative physical therapy for Cynthia Guenther DOB 3/20/1963.
Cythia's surgery has been rescheduled for 3/4/2022 and her first outpatient
postoperative therapy appointment is scheduled for 3/21/2022 @ 11:30 with
Drew. Patient's first follow up appointment with Dr. Popham is scheduled
for 4/4/2022. Can you please approve 4-5 visits to take her to her followup
appointment with the MD?

Thank you,

Nicole 502-585-4571 (phone) 502-568-1873 (fax)




This message was secured by Zix(R).

## 13:49:54

__Cynthia Guenther v Olive Garden__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com),  Leia Dixon  [Leia_Dixon@gbtpa.com](mailto:Leia_Dixon@gbtpa.com),  theresa_walker@gbtpa.com ,  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 2 Feb 2022 12:49:33 -0500

Good afternoon Ladies,
   I spoke with Cynthia yesterday and she advised us that her surgery has
been rescheduled for March 4, 2022 due to testing positive for Covid. She
also updated us that she has received short term disability for the initial
weeks off work, however she has yet to receive any TTD payments to date.
Can you please verify whether payments were made, if so, when they were
issued and by what method of payment (direct deposit, paper check, etc.)?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 13:44:45

Client surgery has been rescheduled to March 4, 2022 - Remains off work but has not received any TTD payments to date - Should have received at least one check by now.
