---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-20

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 13:36:33

__Re: reimbursement checks__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 19 May 2022 16:06:05 +0000 (UTC)

 Just an FYI I still as of last night have not received any of these checks.
    On Tuesday, May 3, 2022, 10:16:07 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Ok, thanks for the update. 
I have spoken with your Adjuster and she also just received the additional PT request and it has been sent for approval. She also stated that you should have received your TTD check without issue unless you have moved or something, but I did ask her to double check on them since you have not moved to my knowledge.She also asked for the total you are owed for mileage reimbursements and I advised her I sent in Form 114s in March and again in April for a total of $1,987.87. The 1st submission in March totaled $1,460.01, the 2nd was for the 2 Rxs totaling $35.68 and then we sent in some in April for a total of $492.18. Please let me know if you received checks for any of these amounts. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, May 2, 2022 at 3:44 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Also I still have not received checks. I just left the Post office.
Cindy Guenther
    On Monday, May 2, 2022, 02:24:44 PM EDT, Woodedfarm  wrote:  
 
 I was able to do these on my phone not sure if they are good enough but wanted to get them to you as soon as possible. I'll redo them on my computer when I get home.
Cindy
