---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-19

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 15:55:11

__Re: Cynthia Guenther__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 15:54:22 -0400

Good afternoon Samantha,
   I hope you & Tere are doing well.
   Thank you for the report. While I agree some clarification is needed,
Dr. Grossfield did a nice job of attempting to separate the impairment
ratings based on the arthritis and then the tear. However, Mrs. Guenther's
arthritis was not active prior to her injury as Dr. Grossfield confirms
Mrs. Guenther was not feeling any pain or instability prior to the
incident. As we both are aware, if Mrs. Guenther's 'pre-existing' arthritis
was not rated as an impairment, or she did not require accommodations,
within the prior 12 months of her injury, but is now active and
debilitating, both impairment ratings are valid for compensation.
   Mrs. Guenther is still having issues with a hostile work environment but
is addressing these concerns with the proper division of Darden Restaurants
Upper Management. We hope they are able to come to some resolution soon. My
understanding is that Mrs. Guenther will be seeking to apply for Social
Security Benefits in the near future as well as looking for other
employment in the interim.
   I look forward to reviewing Dr. Grossfield's addendum and Mrs. Guenther
is scheduled for another IME on 10/10/2022 with Dr. Jeffrey Fadel of
Commonwealth IME. We will make sure Dr. Fadel has a copy of Dr.
Grossfield's report for his review and opinion.


Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Sun, Sep 18, 2022 at 4:57 PM Samantha Steelman 
wrote:

> Sarena-  Please find attached the IME report of Dr. Grossfeld.  I am
> requesting a supplement report addressing whole person impairment assuming
> the replacement is related to the work injury as this is a bit confusing
> with regarding to her opinion regarding her condition being “active”.  I
> understand that your client will be returning to Dr. Popham on  10/1 and
> likely placed at MMI.  Is she still working full duty?  I haven’t heard
> from you in an while!
>
>
>
>   *My Bio*  |
> * Website*   |  *vCard*
> 
>
> T 859-426-3675
> F 859-283-6074
> M 859-380-4849
> www.reminger.com
>
>
>
> *Samantha Steelman, Esq. Reminger Co., LPA *ssteelman@reminger.com
> 250 Grandview Drive
> Suite 550
> Ft. Mitchell, KY 41017
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Disclaimer*
>
> The information contained in this communication from the sender is
> confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others
> authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby
> notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in
> relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may
> be unlawful. This email has been scanned for viruses and malware by *Mimecast
> Ltd*.
>

## 15:54:59

__Cynthia Guenther__
From: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Sun, 18 Sep 2022 20:57:11 +0000

Sarena-  Please find attached the IME report of Dr. Grossfeld.  I am requesting a supplement report addressing whole person impairment assuming the replacement is related to the work injury as this is a bit confusing with regarding to her opinion regarding her condition being “active”.  I understand that your client will be returning to Dr. Popham on  10/1 and likely placed at MMI.  Is she still working full duty?  I haven’t heard from you in an while!

  My Bio |   Website  |  vCard
T? 859-426-3675
F? 859-283-6074
M 859-380-4849
www.reminger.com

Samantha Steelman, Esq.
Reminger Co., LPA
ssteelman@reminger.com
250 Grandview Drive
Suite 550
Ft. Mitchell, KY 41017
[https://ftp.firmseek.com/reminger/logo/AttyPhoto2020/SamanthaSteelman.jpg?v1]
[https://ftp.firmseek.com/reminger/logo/RemingerLogo2020.jpg?v1]

Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. This email has been scanned for viruses and malware by Mimecast Ltd.

## 11:32:48

Recvd Client email about Manager Meeting held on Friday - Gave her a call to discuss - Client is filing for SSA and looking for a new job - Provided DWC phone number for her to call and get a list of all her WC claim & outcomes #cc

## 11:22:23

__Manager chat__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Sat, 17 Sep 2022 04:23:52 +0000 (UTC)

Sarensa,The manager meeting went as I expected. They ended up turning it on me but I held strong. MJ said she didn't yell that she was just talking in a calm but loud voice. I called her out and told her to me it was a yell. So then she told me she said thank you and I restated that there was no thank you just "Fine I guess I cn hlp him" and she left. She finally relented and Apologized. Then after that is where the turned it on me. Saying that I am hard to coach. And that I was being incompatable with them and other team members. Leslie went as far as to say that she saw a team member ALMOST roll thier eyes at me becuase of the way I said somethiing to her while I was explaining something. 
It ended with me telling them that I would like to at least every once in a while be told Im doing something write or get a "that a girl." once in a while. MJ never commends anyone just riticules. I made the statement that since she has arrived , the first few weeks were fine then all of a sudden to me it felt like she was trying to push me out. Her answer was "I just wouldnt schedule you if that was the case."  Then Leslie piped back in We want you here we love having you here. For some reason I dont beleive either of them. 
Also Now that I have the Dr Note to sit for 10 minutes every 2 hours, THey are making this harder on me also. So far they havent asked me to clock out. They say I can not sit in a bar chair at the host stand and continue to work as lead if thats what my assignment is for th night. I have to go sit somewhere where no one can see me for those 10 minutes. The mNger I had tonigh said OK to sitting in the chair, THEN Marcis came up and told me No I cant do that any more. Bre(the one that agreed with me remainning productive and sitting in the chair , went back to MJ and asked her about the chair since they were the 2 managers closing. MJ told her They couldnt allow me to do that. That I had to go sit where no one could see me. Im going to say something to Leslie when I see her again. I shouldn't be isolated because of a Drs note. 
NOW The interesting part. Apparetly Leslie and MJ got into it hot and heavy last nght for over an hour where Leslie made MJ cry. This coming from 3 different folks that it was going. And it hapned again tonght for about an hour.
This place is getting toxic. If I leave here and go someplace else, Im looking for more money since my pay has been lagetimatly cut by 15,000 a year since hey took me off togo. Im not sure finantually I can remain here. Gas prices are supposed to be going back up and I can't afford to pay my paycheck in gas and not have anything left to pay bills. Im going to fill out the SSD form on Monday since I can't get into it at the moment because of time. 
Cindy
