---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-31

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 15:49:49

__Your Defense Independent Medical Exam - 09/01/2022 11a__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2022 15:49:01 -0400

Good afternoon Cynthia,
 The defense counsel has set up your appointment with Dr. Stacie
Grossfield. Her office is located at 4001 Kresge Way, Suite 330,
Louisville, KY 40207. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to
contact us to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 15:36:27

Recvd Incoming Call Task - Recvd Client VM - Resent DME Notice via email - Called her back - went over DME guidelines - Client will call after appointment tomorrow #cc

## 15:15:27

__New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 08/31/2022 3:05 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2022 19:05:23 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 
*Received:* Wednesday, August 31, 2022 at 3:05 PM 
*Length:* 00:35 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey, Serena, it's Cynthia. Gunther. You said you were gonna get we're 
gonna meet up before that. M I M E tomorrow and I hadn't heard from you I'm 
on my way to work now. So, I know we're meeting up tomorrow morning before 
I go to the hemorrhoids or what if you could give me a favor send me that 
address again because it's buried in my emails and I can't find it if you 
could send me that address of where I'm supposed to go. So I've had that at 
least I'll have that much thanks bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
