---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-03

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:24:12

__Fw: Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics: Massage Therapy Order__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 2 May 2022 21:09:06 +0000 (UTC)

 Here is the new massage script alone with duration and frequency. Also I received 1check for 4/14- 4/21. I think they are still a week behind. Before I was getting them on Monday for the past week. This one was 2 Mondays after the paid week. Wanted to let you know.
Cindy
   ----- Forwarded Message ----- From: Kacie Heichelbech To: "woodedfarm@aol.com" Cc: "" <>Sent: Monday, May 2, 2022, 04:51:23 PM EDTSubject: Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics: Massage Therapy Order
 Hi Cynthia,
Here is your massage therapy order. Give us a call if you have any questions!
Kacie Heichelbech


Required Legal Notice:

Confidentiality - This transmission is strictly confidential.  If you are not the intended recipient of this message, you may not disclose, print, copy or disseminate this information.  If you have received this in error, please reply and notify the sender (only) and delete the message.  Unauthorized interception of this email is a violation of federal law.

## 10:20:06

Replied to Client email - Advised her of conversation with WC Adj Walker and requested she advise us if she has received any Reimbursement Checks to date #cc

## 10:18:55

__Re: Latest Dr appointment results__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 3 May 2022 10:16:28 -0400

Ok, thanks for the update.
I have spoken with your Adjuster and she also just received the additional
PT request and it has been sent for approval. She also stated that you
should have received your TTD check without issue unless you have moved or
something, but I did ask her to double check on them since you have not
moved to my knowledge.
She also asked for the total you are owed for mileage reimbursements and I
advised her I sent in Form 114s in March and again in April for a total of
$1,987.87. The 1st submission in March totaled $1,460.01, the 2nd was for
the 2 Rxs totaling $35.68 and then we sent in some in April for a total of
$492.18. Please let me know if you received checks for any of these
amounts.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, May 2, 2022 at 3:44 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

> Also I still have not received checks. I just left the Post office.
>
> Cindy Guenther
>
> On Monday, May 2, 2022, 02:24:44 PM EDT, Woodedfarm 
> wrote:
>
>
> I was able to do these on my phone not sure if they are good enough but
> wanted to get them to you as soon as possible. I'll redo them on my
> computer when I get home.
>
> Cindy
>

## 10:10:01

Recvd WC Adj Walker email regarding PT approval & TTD Checks - She advised there should not be any issues with the TTD checks unless the Client has moved - She has sent out the PT Request for approval (it was just attached to her file today) - She ask for a total owed for mileage - Advised Client is owed $1,987.87 in Form 114 reimbursements - Reattached all the Form 114s for her file. #WCAdj

## 10:07:12

__Re: WC checks.__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [Theresa_Walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:Theresa_Walker@gbtpa.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 3 May 2022 10:06:57 -0400

Good morning Tere,
     Thank you for the update on the PT approval, I know there is some lag
time between when they send it and you actually receive it.
      Mrs. Guenther has submitted Form 114s on or about 03/17 for a total
of $1,460.01, on or about 03/24 for a total of $35.68 for 2 Rx and on or
about 04/26 for a total of $492.18. I have reattached them to this email if
you need them again.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, May 2, 2022 at 4:05 PM Theresa Walker 
wrote:

> Also the additional pt request has been sent out for approval it was just
> attached to my file today.
>
>
>
> Thank you
>
>
>
> Theresa Walker | Senior Resolution Manager | Gallagher Bassett
>
> PO Box 2934 Clinton, IA 52733-2934
>
> D: 314.800.0242 | O: 314.965.7810 | F:866.947.2227
>
> E: Theresa_Walker@gbtpa.com
>
> Alternate Point of Contact: Valerie_Maki@gbtpa.com | 314.800.0253
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Friday, April 29, 2022 9:50 AM
> *To:* Theresa Walker ; Samantha Steelman <
> ssteelman@reminger.com>
> *Subject:* Fwd: WC checks.
>
>
>
> *[EXTERNAL]*
>
>
>
> Good morning ladies,
>
>    Cynthia reached out last night and advised that she has not received a
> TTD check in 2 weeks and that her PT is requesting additional sessions.
> Please provide a status of her payments and PT Approval at this time.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 365-9435
>
> O: (502) 583-4022
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: *Woodedfarm* 
> Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2022 at 8:15 PM
> Subject: WC checks.
> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>
>
>
> Sarena,
>
> Just an FYI, PT is requesting more sessions. Today was the last approved.
>
> Also as of today (Thursday) I have not received a check for 4/15 -
> 4/21nor this week 4/22- 4/28. I've been getting them the week of but have
> not gotten anything for 2 weeks. I'll check again tomorrow and let you know
> if anything shows up.
>
>
>
> Cynthia Guenther
>
