---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-04

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 15:32:06

__Re: Latest Dr appointment results__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 4 May 2022 19:26:49 +0000 (UTC)

 Just to let you know they did approve the physical therapy but I have not heard anything about the massage therapy yet.
Cindy
    On Wednesday, May 4, 2022, 01:00:08 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Someone will contact you. It could be the therapist office or myself once I hear back from your adjuster. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 12:57 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 How will I know that they have approved the massage therapy? Will they call me?? Or call Ron?? Or you??
    On Tuesday, May 3, 2022, 10:16:07 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Ok, thanks for the update. 
I have spoken with your Adjuster and she also just received the additional PT request and it has been sent for approval. She also stated that you should have received your TTD check without issue unless you have moved or something, but I did ask her to double check on them since you have not moved to my knowledge.She also asked for the total you are owed for mileage reimbursements and I advised her I sent in Form 114s in March and again in April for a total of $1,987.87. The 1st submission in March totaled $1,460.01, the 2nd was for the 2 Rxs totaling $35.68 and then we sent in some in April for a total of $492.18. Please let me know if you received checks for any of these amounts. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, May 2, 2022 at 3:44 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Also I still have not received checks. I just left the Post office.
Cindy Guenther
    On Monday, May 2, 2022, 02:24:44 PM EDT, Woodedfarm  wrote:  
 
 I was able to do these on my phone not sure if they are good enough but wanted to get them to you as soon as possible. I'll redo them on my computer when I get home.
Cindy

## 09:52:31

__Fwd: Fw: Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics: Massage Therapy Order__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 3 May 2022 10:22:43 -0400

I received this email this morning. She did receive one of her checks and a
new PT Rx.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Woodedfarm 
Date: Mon, May 2, 2022 at 5:09 PM
Subject: Fw: Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics: Massage Therapy Order
To: Sarena Tuttle 


Here is the new massage script alone with duration and frequency. Also I
received 1check for 4/14- 4/21. I think they are still a week behind.
Before I was getting them on Monday for the past week. This one was 2
Mondays after the paid week. Wanted to let you know.

Cindy

----- Forwarded Message -----
*From:* Kacie Heichelbech 
*To:* "woodedfarm@aol.com" 
*Cc:* "" <>
*Sent:* Monday, May 2, 2022, 04:51:23 PM EDT
*Subject:* Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics: Massage Therapy Order

Hi Cynthia,

Here is your massage therapy order. Give us a call if you have any
questions!

Kacie Heichelbech



Required Legal Notice:

Confidentiality - This transmission is strictly confidential.  If you are
not the intended recipient of this message, you may not disclose, print,
copy or disseminate this information.  If you have received this in error,
please reply and notify the sender (only) and delete the message.
Unauthorized interception of this email is a violation of federal law.

## 09:49:06

__Re: Latest Dr appointment results__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 3 May 2022 16:46:57 +0000 (UTC)

 I have only received the 1 check but will be on the lookout for the rest.
Cindy
    On Tuesday, May 3, 2022, 10:16:07 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Ok, thanks for the update. 
I have spoken with your Adjuster and she also just received the additional PT request and it has been sent for approval. She also stated that you should have received your TTD check without issue unless you have moved or something, but I did ask her to double check on them since you have not moved to my knowledge.She also asked for the total you are owed for mileage reimbursements and I advised her I sent in Form 114s in March and again in April for a total of $1,987.87. The 1st submission in March totaled $1,460.01, the 2nd was for the 2 Rxs totaling $35.68 and then we sent in some in April for a total of $492.18. Please let me know if you received checks for any of these amounts. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, May 2, 2022 at 3:44 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Also I still have not received checks. I just left the Post office.
Cindy Guenther
    On Monday, May 2, 2022, 02:24:44 PM EDT, Woodedfarm  wrote:  
 
 I was able to do these on my phone not sure if they are good enough but wanted to get them to you as soon as possible. I'll redo them on my computer when I get home.
Cindy
