---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-09"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-09

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:07:58

Recvd Client email advocating for Mr. Garvey explaining he is a teacher at Advantage Massage Therapeutics which is accredited. 
Replied to Client - Advised his teaching career is irrelevant for Insurance Approvals - the relevance is he is an independent therapist who works from his home - Advised Client his services have been denied in the past and just want her to be prepared for that should it happen. #cc

## 10:05:02

__Re: Script for massage.__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 9 May 2022 10:04:57 -0400

Thank you for the information. I'm well aware of who Mr. Garvey is and I'm
well aware of his services being denied due to him being an
independent therapist who works from his home address. His teaching career
is irrelevant to insurance approvals.
I'm not saying anything negative as to his knowledge or skills, simply
letting you know, his services may be denied and to be prepared for that.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, May 6, 2022 at 11:36 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:

> Mr Garvey is one of the teacher therapist at Advantage Massage
> Therapeutics  school in Louisville. He is accredited. He also does personal
> massages at the address I gave you. I could go to the school but that would
> cost more.
>
> Thanks
>
> On Friday, May 6, 2022, 10:25:21 AM CDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> The script has been sent over to the adjuster. It was sent a few
> days after the pt request, so it will be next week before we hear
> something.
> However, to be transparent with you, I anticipate this request will be
> denied. I could be wrong, but Mr. Garvey is an independent therapist and
> possibly will not be approved. They will likely refer you to some place
> more local for you and who is more accredited.
> I will follow up if we have not heard anything by Tuesday.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Fri, May 6, 2022 at 11:17 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:
>
> Sarena,
> WC approved the physical therapy, but I have heard nothing about the
> massage therapy. Can you check on that for me? I'm not sure Mr. Garvey is
> in there system.
>
> Cinsy
>
>
