---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-15

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 14:25:29

__Re: Ice machine cooling padd__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Mar 2022 18:22:45 +0000 (UTC)

 Ok I'll talk to them Wednesday
    On Tuesday, March 15, 2022, 01:11:56 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 You will have to have your doctor prescribe or order a new one. WC will not approve anything without one. I'm not sure if he can just order the pad or if it has to be a new unit.  Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Tue, Mar 15, 2022 at 1:06 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

Sarena,
 The ice pack machine, Vascutherm, that I have that workman's comp paid for in 2020, I have used it so much in the past 1 1/2 years the Velcro is watering down. Can you see if WC will authorize me to get another pad for this unit since I did not take the prescription for the second unit?? I saw no sense in having them pay for a second unit since I had this one still. 
Cindy

## 13:13:55

Recvd Client email regarding Ice Pack machine - Advised her to have doctor order a new unit - not sure if he can order just the pad

## 13:12:16

__Ice machine cooling padd__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Mar 2022 17:05:58 +0000 (UTC)

Sarena,
 The ice pack machine, Vascutherm, that I have that workman's comp paid for in 2020, I have used it so much in the past 1 1/2 years the Velcro is watering down. Can you see if WC will authorize me to get another pad for this unit since I did not take the prescription for the second unit?? I saw no sense in having them pay for a second unit since I had this one still. 
Cindy

## 12:46:13

Sarena the ice pack machine, Vascuterm, that I have that workman's comp paid for in 2020, I have used it so much in the past 1 1/2 years the Velcro is watering down. Can you see if WC will authorize me to get another pad for this unit since I did not take the prescription for the second unit?? I saw no sense in having them pay for a second unit since I had this one still.
