---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-29

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:51:06

Recvd email from client this morning - She advised she has not received a TTD check in 2 weeks and her PT is requesting additional PT sessions, awaiting approval - Sent email to WC Adj Walker & DC Steelman for status update - Awaiting response #cc

## 10:49:57

__Fwd: WC checks.__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com),  Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2022 10:49:40 -0400

Good morning ladies,
   Cynthia reached out last night and advised that she has not received a
TTD check in 2 weeks and that her PT is requesting additional sessions.
Please provide a status of her payments and PT Approval at this time.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Woodedfarm 
Date: Thu, Apr 28, 2022 at 8:15 PM
Subject: WC checks.
To: Sarena Tuttle 


Sarena,
Just an FYI, PT is requesting more sessions. Today was the last approved.
Also as of today (Thursday) I have not received a check for 4/15 -  4/21nor
this week 4/22- 4/28. I've been getting them the week of but have not
gotten anything for 2 weeks. I'll check again tomorrow and let you know if
anything shows up.

Cynthia Guenther

## 10:49:47

__WC checks.__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 29 Apr 2022 00:15:08 +0000 (UTC)

Sarena,Just an FYI, PT is requesting more sessions. Today was the last approved. Also as of today (Thursday) I have not received a check for 4/15 -  4/21nor this week 4/22- 4/28. I've been getting them the week of but have not gotten anything for 2 weeks. I'll check again tomorrow and let you know if anything shows up.
Cynthia Guenther
