---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-12

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 13:31:37

A call for Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-08-12 17:05:40.163000+00:00 . #inboundcall

Caller Info: 5026480534 

Caller ID: Main:502-648-0534, Main:502-648-0534 

Caller Name: Cynthia Guenther 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2306192

## 13:34:58

Recvd call from Client - She was able to locate her paperwork in regard to her carpal tunnel restrictions - Advised her to present them to her management and see what they say & we will go from there - Also discussed DME/IME dos & donts - Client advised that she has a meeting with management & HR this afternoon after PT but before her shift - Advised her to contact us after the meeting and let us know what happens with that - Client feels like her employer is trying to push her out or force her to quit #cc

## 11:08:35

__Re: Your Defense Independent Medical Examination Sept 1, 2022 at 11:00a__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 12 Aug 2022 11:07:56 -0400

Good morning Cynthia,
    You should be receiving a letter with additional details for both
appointments. There is nothing 'special' per say, just to make sure you are
aware that the appointment on 09/01/2022 is the defense's expert. A day or
two prior to the appointment we will discuss it in more detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Aug 12, 2022 at 10:26 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:

> Where am I to go for these exams.
> I'm not seeing any addresses in either email just names.
> Also you said you wanted to talk to me about the defence one. Is there
> something special I need to know for that?
>
> Cindy
>
> On Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 12:16:05 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> I will email the defense counsel about the reduced hours.
> The letter you attached is the suspension notice I previously mentioned.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, Aug 10, 2022 at 11:33 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:
>
>
>
> On Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 10:37:01 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> I apologize I missed your call, things were a bit crazy yesterday.
> I do not think they will. Currently, your benefits are suspended as a
> normal process once cleared to return to work full duty. Is there a reason
> they have not returned you to full duty?
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Aug 9, 2022 at 7:52 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:
>
> Hi Sarena,
> I tried calling again after I completed PT but got the answering machine
> again. I didn't leave a message the second time because I thought you were
> probably out of you office.
> Question is, Will WC pay the difference of hours since work can not give
> me my normal 40?. My boss did tell me that she spoke to Theresa and told
> her they would be able to but so far they have not.
>
> Cindy
>
> On Tuesday, August 9, 2022 at 10:50:14 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> Good morning Cynthia,
>     I did receive your voicemail this morning, please feel free to call me
> once you are off work. Also, we have received notice that the defense
> counsel has set up an independent medical exam for you with Dr. Stacey
> Grossfield on Sept 1, 2022 at 11:00am. You should be receiving a check to
> cover your transportation to & from this appointment shortly.
>      Please understand that this is a required appointment that you must
> attend. Please provide your employer with notification that you will need
> off Sept 1, 2022 in order to attend. We can discuss the appointment in
> further detail this afternoon. I will also send a notice via USPS with the
> address and directions this afternoon.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>

## 11:08:18

__Re: Your Defense Independent Medical Examination Sept 1, 2022 at 11:00a__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 12 Aug 2022 14:26:12 +0000 (UTC)

 Where am I to go for these exams. I'm not seeing any addresses in either email just names. Also you said you wanted to talk to me about the defence one. Is there something special I need to know for that?
Cindy
    On Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 12:16:05 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 I will email the defense counsel about the reduced hours.
The letter you attached is the suspension notice I previously mentioned. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Aug 10, 2022 at 11:33 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 

    On Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 10:37:01 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 I apologize I missed your call, things were a bit crazy yesterday. 
I do not think they will. Currently, your benefits are suspended as a normal process once cleared to return to work full duty. Is there a reason they have not returned you to full duty?
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Tue, Aug 9, 2022 at 7:52 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Hi Sarena, I tried calling again after I completed PT but got the answering machine again. I didn't leave a message the second time because I thought you were probably out of you office. Question is, Will WC pay the difference of hours since work can not give me my normal 40?. My boss did tell me that she spoke to Theresa and told her they would be able to but so far they have not.
Cindy
    On Tuesday, August 9, 2022 at 10:50:14 AM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Good morning Cynthia,
    I did receive your voicemail this morning, please feel free to call me once you are off work. Also, we have received notice that the defense counsel has set up an independent medical exam for you with Dr. Stacey Grossfield on Sept 1, 2022 at 11:00am. You should be receiving a check to cover your transportation to & from this appointment shortly.      Please understand that this is a required appointment that you must attend. Please provide your employer with notification that you will need off Sept 1, 2022 in order to attend. We can discuss the appointment in further detail this afternoon. I will also send a notice via USPS with the address and directions this afternoon. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
