---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-11

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 11:49:43

__New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 12/11/2023 8:45 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 11 Dec 2023 13:46:02 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 
*Received:* Monday, December 11, 2023 at 8:45 AM 
*Length:* 00:26 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Sarena, it is Cynthia Gunther. And WWS com still has not authorized 
any more a more sessions for P. T. I know is Topping wanted me to have 
another 6 weeks because for strengthening because that like is still not as 
strong as the other 1 is. So if you could look into it again for me, I 
appreciate it. Thanks a bunch. Bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
