---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-15

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:50:14

__New Voice Message from ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 449-0449 on 12/15/2023 8:43 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 15 Dec 2023 13:43:19 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 449-0449 
*Received:* Friday, December 15, 2023 at 8:43 AM 
*Length:* 00:52 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, it is Jennifer. I will be giving a call back at Dr Jeffrey Popam's 
office calling you in regards to Cynthia Gunther and her date of birth is 
3201963, he sent over a request for Dr Popham narrative impairment rating. 
Unfortunately, he did not get that completed before he went on vacation 
this week. So I do have it on his desk for Tuesday when he returns to the 
office if he dictated. It is not signed, it has not been returned to me 
completed. Then I apologize for the delay, but hopefully we will get that 
taken care of for you on Tuesday. Feel free to call me back at any time 
502-587-1236, extension 3235. Thank you, have a good day." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
