---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-10

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 13:59:07

__Re: Cynthia Guenther - Please call upon your return__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 13:58:56 -0400

Comp has paid for all knee related care to date except massage therapy
which was denied (rightfully so) - I have sent email advising of revision
scheduling but have not heard back.
DC has been unusually quiet lately. Samantha has been great about
responding promptly until recently.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 1:20?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> That would be a pain and suffering component and would not be considered
> in comp. Is comp paying for knee care yet?
>
> On Tue, Apr 4, 2023 at 12:38?PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Hey AW,
>>    Cynthia called in today, she has a follow up appointment with her
>> ortho this afternoon and another in June. The doctor is considering a
>> revision surgery due to too much joint space, causing her knee to be
>> unstable, fold & shift. Advised her to keep us posted & to call me after
>> her appointment today with an update.
>>     She also stated that she told CH about her working as a Dog
>> Competitor and wants that included since she has not been able to run, she
>> has not been able to show her dogs in competition. Advised her I'm not sure
>> this can be included and is something you would have to address with DC.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 13:20:43

__Re: Cynthia Guenther - Please call upon your return__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019
Date: Mon, 10 Apr 2023 13:20:26 -0400

That would be a pain and suffering component and would not be considered in
comp. Is comp paying for knee care yet?

On Tue, Apr 4, 2023 at 12:38?PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Hey AW,
>    Cynthia called in today, she has a follow up appointment with her ortho
> this afternoon and another in June. The doctor is considering a revision
> surgery due to too much joint space, causing her knee to be unstable, fold
> & shift. Advised her to keep us posted & to call me after her appointment
> today with an update.
>     She also stated that she told CH about her working as a Dog Competitor
> and wants that included since she has not been able to run, she has not
> been able to show her dogs in competition. Advised her I'm not sure this
> can be included and is something you would have to address with DC.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
