---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-19

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 15:56:44

__Re: Guenther__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 19 Apr 2023 15:31:30 -0400

Good afternoon Samantha,
    Tomorrow is fine. Hope things are going well for you.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Apr 19, 2023 at 3:02?PM Samantha Steelman 
wrote:

> Hi Sarena-  I am in continuing education today.  Tricia said you called.
> Is it ok if I give you a call tomorrow?
>
>
>
>   *My Bio*  |
> * Website*   |  *vCard*
> 
>
> T 859-426-3675
> F 859-283-6074
> M 859-380-4849
> www.reminger.com
>
>
>
> *Samantha Steelman, Esq. Reminger Co., LPA *ssteelman@reminger.com
> 250 Grandview Drive
> Suite 550
> Ft. Mitchell, KY 41017
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Disclaimer*
>
> The information contained in this communication from the sender is
> confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others
> authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby
> notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in
> relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may
> be unlawful. This email has been scanned for viruses and malware by *Mimecast
> Ltd*.
>

## 13:53:07

__Re: New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 04/18/2023 9:23 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  "Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019"  [cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2023 12:37:38 -0400

Need to confirm comp will pay for surgery

On Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 10:56?AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Please call Client.
> I have not heard from DC recently, not sure if you have.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 9:24?AM
> Subject: New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 04/18/2023
> 9:23 AM
> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear Sarena Tuttle,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534
> *Received:* Tuesday, April 18, 2023 at 9:23 AM
> *Length:* 00:24
> *To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> "Hey, Serena, Cynthia, guns there. I still have not heard from Aaron. He
> called me 1 time, sent me a message. I called back 3 min later and no store
> with the office is closed. So if you can either have him, call me or if you
> can call me and tell me what the devil is going on. I would appreciate it
> 502-648-0534. Thanks."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
> CA 94002, USA.
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:51:24

Have been attempting to reach DC Steelman to discuss settlement & willingness to pay for revision surgery - Emails have went unanswered - Attempted to call her - Per Patricia she is out of office for a seminar & she will pass along message & send DC Steelman a Text to call us. #DC

## 13:50:27

__Re: New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 04/18/2023 9:23 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:cynthiaguentherwcz954615@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019
Date: Wed, 19 Apr 2023 13:50:17 -0400

Hey AW,
Since emails have gone unanswered. I attempted to call DC today. Advised
she is out of office at a seminar, left a message for her to call us with
Patricia. Patricia stated that she will also text Samantha.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 12:37?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Need to confirm comp will pay for surgery
>
> On Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 10:56?AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Please call Client.
>> I have not heard from DC recently, not sure if you have.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> Litigation Paralegal &
>> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: RingCentral 
>> Date: Tue, Apr 18, 2023 at 9:24?AM
>> Subject: New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 04/18/2023
>> 9:23 AM
>> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>>
>>
>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Dear Sarena Tuttle,
>>
>> You have a new voice message:
>> *From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534
>> *Received:* Tuesday, April 18, 2023 at 9:23 AM
>> *Length:* 00:24
>> *To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle
>>
>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>> "Hey, Serena, Cynthia, guns there. I still have not heard from Aaron. He
>> called me 1 time, sent me a message. I called back 3 min later and no store
>> with the office is closed. So if you can either have him, call me or if you
>> can call me and tell me what the devil is going on. I would appreciate it
>> 502-648-0534. Thanks."
>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>> account  with your main number,
>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>> RingCentral account.
>>
>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
>> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
>> app. Get started 
>>
>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>> our Terms of Use .
>>
>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
>> CA 94002, USA.
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
