---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-26

**Case:** [[cases/mackenzie-logan-mva-10-11-2022/mackenzie-logan-mva-10-11-2022|Mackenzie Logan MVA 10/11/2022]]

## 15:36:00

__Completed: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm!__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 24 Oct 2022 07:59:58 -0700

Hello Aaron Whaley, 

All signers completed Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm!

Review the document your recipients have signed, and the following payment(s)

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=8d263913-7cba-46b1-8227-54ce6a333b73

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12Do-TzactpZYRlsg7fmq5ZHH-63k4qVYxNmRXuohJ6cHRt_vmgyPupaQJX4OAHhKKk37EwNnvnM82tX08lEmK50uerN88zDsoGAN9BDf5h7iODHKUEr_492-z_6AXdtEQqeumIb1J1CdIvBfg5hK0q3JTU3x1_0mZUy6SeuZJCTPRg6qjiMZoNOS19Igh6Ul1esHfAbENQEXVIvb4c9UJpdUUDn4NX_XF8CGdrnKE19NtpiE_9HM2a5t9dvA3cXRADAEvAgirs_5TDNSfBzOmhJKTZTiMRik6ODbsJqajXbEa5PWEKOin0-gR7LCV_HbmsAJO0ZEi_-H_MOI4qDv9K&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing

## 15:34:45

__RE: [EXTERNAL] Claim: 22-2431423 - Michelle & Mackenzie Logan__
From: Letrece S Mosley  [LETRECE_S_WILLIAMS@progressive.com](mailto:LETRECE_S_WILLIAMS@progressive.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 24 Oct 2022 14:13:36 +0000

Thank you

From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Wednesday, October 19, 2022 11:26 AM
To: Letrece S Mosley 
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Claim: 22-2431423 - Michelle & Mackenzie Logan

Good Afternoon Letrece,
   Please find attached our office's letter of representation of the above referenced clients. Please provide an acknowledgement as soon as possible and contact our office to discuss this claim in further detail. We look forward to working with you on this matter.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
