---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-18

**Case:** [[cases/frances-michelle-lawson-premise-07-18-2022/frances-michelle-lawson-premise-07-18-2022|Frances Michelle Lawson Premise 07/18/2022]]

## 11:52:04

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM & Spoke with Client - Wanting verification that we requested her ID - Discussed her signature & the complications since it is pretty much just a line - She stated she also had that issue w/ the DMV - Resent DC Authorizations for her to Re-Execute 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: September 18 2023

## 11:51:49

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:26:00

__New Voice Message from LAWSON FRANCES (502) 203-4392 on 09/18/2023 11:16 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 15:17:11 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LAWSON FRANCES (502) 203-4392 
*Received:* Monday, September 18, 2023 at 11:16 AM 
*Length:* 00:28 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Yes, this is Frances Michelle Austin calling back. I do text over my 
driver's license. It looks like I will have to resign. Because as I 
suspected, the driver's license did not like that signature, so I had to 
resign in a different way. My number is 502-203-4392 and I will keep an eye 
out for the forms I need to resign, thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
