---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-16"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-16

**Case:** [[cases/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022|Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022]]

## 16:00:46

Recvd VM from PIP Adj Manager Ron Gomez - Attempted to return his call - LVM - Advised Mrs. Paterson is an independent contractor which makes her self employed - Companies she provides services to would not be appropriate to ask for verification - Advised PIP Claim needs to be established and accepted unless they can show other coverage is available #PIPAdj

## 15:53:49

__New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL  (856) 355-7729 on 12/16/2022 2:42 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 16 Dec 2022 19:42:16 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 355-7729 
*Received:* Friday, December 16, 2022 at 2:42 PM 
*Length:* 00:18 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Ron Gomez with liberty mutual insurance. I'm just 
calling you on your client Heather Patterson. Whenever you get a chance. 
Please give me a call back at 856-355-7729 reference claim number 
049347233. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 15:16:43

Recvd Call back from PIP Adj Tracy - She advised Manager wants a statement from the employer stating Client is an independent Contractor - Advised being an 'independent contractor' means she is self-employed and as her counsel we have advised LiMu of this - There is no additional information to provide - Unless they are able to confirm there is some type of coverage elsewhere, file needs to be processed and moved forward - Adj is sending back to Manager to re-review #PIP

## 14:02:08

Recvd PIP Adj VM from AW - Called Adj - LVM advised that there is no WC Coverage - Can not send over a denial because their is no WC Carrier from which to obtain a denial - Advised Client was an independent contractor - Requested she call me back directly if she needs additional information #PIPAdj
