---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-01"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-01

**Case:** [[cases/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022|Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022]]

## 13:58:04

__Re: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on 11/01/2022 11:32 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) Cameron Smith, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 13:57:51 -0400

It just means that Comp is the primary payor before PIP. I spoke to the
client and she said she was on the clock for 'Serenity Services" and they
knew about the accident. Need to contact them and get comp claim
information. Heather went to ER day after the accident and has seen a Dr.
and was ordered to PT. SHe has not gone to PT. Comp will deny I am pretty
sure except for ER and the DR. visit. SO, we need comp claim opened. Once
we get denial on any further treatment then (assuming she goes) those bills
can be sent to PIP. She has UM and that claim is open with the adjuster's
info in file.

Sarena, want this back or do you want to lead Cameron by the hand on the
comp claim?

On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 1:39 PM Cameron Smith 
wrote:

> i called her back and she stated that our client was working at the time
> of the accident. She was driving a client to the doctors offices and that's
> when the accident happened so they sent out a denial today and we should be
> getting it in the mail! soon. Any suggestions ?
>
> On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 1:13 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Don't forget to check on UM coverage.
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: RingCentral 
>> Date: Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 11:33 AM
>> Subject: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on
>> 11/01/2022 11:32 AM
>> To: aaron whaley 
>>
>>
>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>
>> You have a new voice message:
>> *From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518
>> *Received:* Tuesday, November 01, 2022 at 11:32 AM
>> *Length:* 00:44
>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>
>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>> " Hi, my name is Tracy. I'm calling from liberty mutual. I was just
>> calling in regards to your client Heather Patterson after reviewing the
>> file it looks like your client was working at the time of the accident. So
>> we would just need to know for workman's comp claim was opened as that
>> would be primary and if you do have a denial from workman's comp. We would
>> just need to receive that in order to review for coverage regarding her Pip
>> benefits, if you'd like to give me a call back my direct line is
>> 856-703-2518 and if you could reference claim number 049347233. Thank you."
>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>> account  with your main number,
>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>> RingCentral account.
>>
>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
>> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
>> app. Get started 
>>
>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>> our Terms of Use .
>>
>> Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
>> CA 94002, USA.
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:39:54

Called tracy back from the pip department she state that a denial has been sent out too us #cpip

## 13:39:38

__Re: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on 11/01/2022 11:32 AM__
From: Cameron Smith [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 13:39:18 -0400

i called her back and she stated that our client was working at the time of
the accident. She was driving a client to the doctors offices and that's
when the accident happened so they sent out a denial today and we should be
getting it in the mail! soon. Any suggestions ?

On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 1:13 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Don't forget to check on UM coverage.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 11:33 AM
> Subject: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on
> 11/01/2022 11:32 AM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518
> *Received:* Tuesday, November 01, 2022 at 11:32 AM
> *Length:* 00:44
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> " Hi, my name is Tracy. I'm calling from liberty mutual. I was just
> calling in regards to your client Heather Patterson after reviewing the
> file it looks like your client was working at the time of the accident. So
> we would just need to know for workman's comp claim was opened as that
> would be primary and if you do have a denial from workman's comp. We would
> just need to receive that in order to review for coverage regarding her Pip
> benefits, if you'd like to give me a call back my direct line is
> 856-703-2518 and if you could reference claim number 049347233. Thank you."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
> CA 94002, USA.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 13:13:41

__Fwd: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on 11/01/2022 11:32 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HeatherPatersonZ2090735@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 13:13:21 -0400

Don't forget to check on UM coverage.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 11:33 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518 on 11/01/2022
11:32 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (856) 703-2518
*Received:* Tuesday, November 01, 2022 at 11:32 AM
*Length:* 00:44
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, my name is Tracy. I'm calling from liberty mutual. I was just calling
in regards to your client Heather Patterson after reviewing the file it
looks like your client was working at the time of the accident. So we would
just need to know for workman's comp claim was opened as that would be
primary and if you do have a denial from workman's comp. We would just need
to receive that in order to review for coverage regarding her Pip benefits,
if you'd like to give me a call back my direct line is 856-703-2518 and if
you could reference claim number 049347233. Thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
