---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-04-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-04-04

**Case:** [[cases/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022/heather-paterson-mva-05-03-2022|Heather Paterson MVA 05/03/2022]]

## 08:13:31

__Fwd: Treatment Update__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Tue, 4 Apr 2023 08:12:48 -0400

Hi Atty. Whaley,

Good morning!

Can Ms. Paterson drop by the office to talk to you regarding her case?

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Heather Paterson 
Date: Mon, Apr 3, 2023 at 5:57?PM
Subject: Re: Treatment Update
To: Jessa Galosmo 


I don't know how this goes but as far as treatment how does that work? Do I
keep going? Do they continue to bill and then it's on me ? Because they are
talking at least 2 months on my shoulder that doesn't even touch the bottom
part of my problem. I continue to get a bill from Saint Joseph Health and
that was due to this wreck as well. What do I need to do in order to talk
to the attorneys office? Like the actual person handling my case ? I need
some answers as to what is going on with the case ? Do they know
anything about my case? Is all of this still falling on me when it wasn't
my fault? Because from this point of view it looks like I'm being screwed
all the way around.

On Mon, Apr 3, 2023, 5:32 PM Heather Paterson 
wrote:

> So what is going on with my case ?
>
> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023, 4:51 PM Jessa Galosmo 
> wrote:
>
>> Noted. Just keep us on the loop if you're done or any update about your
>> treatment. Thanks.
>>
>> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023 at 4:31?PM Heather Paterson <
>> heather.paterson08@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Yes I am actually. I'm currently doing physical therapy.
>>>
>>> On Tue, Mar 28, 2023, 3:58 PM Jessa Galosmo 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hi Ms. Paterson,
>>>>
>>>> Good day!
>>>>
>>>> May I know if you are still getting treatment?
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> All the best,
>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>
>>>
>>
>> --
>> All the best,
>> Jessa Galosmo
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
