---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-22

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 11:29:06

Recvd VM from Client - Client call in again before I could return her call - Answered questions in regard to SSA Application - Also discussed DME report a bit further #cc

## 11:23:45

__New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 09/22/2022 10:58 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 22 Sep 2022 14:58:24 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 
*Received:* Thursday, September 22, 2022 at 10:58 AM 
*Length:* 00:48 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey, Serena, it's Cynthia Gunther question for you. I'm doing I'm working 
on the the S S stuff and it says it's got the Workman's comp stuff in here. 
They asked cause company, workman's compensation. Did you acquire intent to 
apply for work Wisconsin, state compensation or other disability Memphis. I 
put us on that one and then underneath it says money from employer and it 
says if you received money from your employer on or after, the date. I'm 
not did I would I put yes or no on there. I don't want to answer these 
incorrectly or be considered lying about it. So if you could do me a favor 
and give me a holler back let me know what I should put in there. I would 
appreciate it thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
