---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-24

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 11:12:44

@jbottorff Recvd some Rx Receipts & Aetna EOB from Client - Aetna should not be paying any medicals - Please request current Lien Ledger so I can forward to WC for subro prior to settlement

## 13:29:18

Lien letter mailed to Aetna

## 11:44:58

__Re: Phamacy bills__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2022 11:44:37 -0400

Im glad to hear that you are able to attend your PT. The message from
Bridget was not from Gould's but Ortho Solutions. Further she advised she
needs a new Rx from Dr. Popham's office. You will need to send her message
to Dr. Popham and discuss getting the new Rx for a new machine as
instructed.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Mar 23, 2022 at 5:08 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

> That's what I had said before I did not have a script card for this claim.
> After the first surgery I had issues getting meds. That's why I was so
> intent of getting everything approved before hand this time.
> They said it was taken care of and approved but when I went in to get them
> Kroger said it wasn't set up and they couldn't get a hold of anyone. When
> they did they said the case was closed.  My mom knowing I was going to need
> the meds after surgery and it being after 5:00 when we got there she was
> all upset and I was still out of it so she didn't call you. After trying
> for 40 minutes with me out in the car she just paid for it and left. I sent
> you an email about it all on March 5th  and you told me to send you the
> receipt. That's what I did. The pharmacy said that if WC credited it I'd
> get my money back. They didn't so I haven't.
>  As far as the sleeve Gould's still doesn't have a script for me. Bridgett
> sent a note to you and I both on Friday. So right now I'm using duct tape.
>  As far as PT they finally approved it in time that I was able to go today.
>
> Cynthia
>
> On Wednesday, March 23, 2022, 03:59:22 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> Good afternoon Cynthia,
>     Now that I have had a moment to review the submitted attachments, I
> noticed AETNA was billed for these things? Please advise your pharmacy to
> use your workers' compensation coverage for all prescriptions related to
> your surgery, that way there are no patient payments due.
>     Your providers and pharmacy should be submitting all bills to
> Gallagher Bassett under Claim #: 006829-4840310-WC-01. Please make sure
> they have a copy of your Rx card on file.
>     I will submit these for reimbursement via the Form 114 for your out of
> pocket expenses and will request AETNA to update us on any other payments
> they may have made to date which are due for reimbursement to them.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Mar 21, 2022 at 4:45 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:
>
> Pharmacy Bills and Atena for Surgical approval appointment
>
>

## 11:40:51

__Re: Cynthia Guenther v Olive Garden__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)
CC: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Mar 2022 11:39:53 -0400

Good afternoon Ladies,
   Please find attached a Form 114 for 4 Rxs that were billed through Aetna
and the client had to pay out of pocket. I did inquire as to why Aetna was
billed instead of going through the WC coverage and she again advised that
she still has not received her Rx card for this injury and the Rxs were not
approved and they could not reach anyone to get approval.
     I have set a task for our medical clerk to request a ledger from Aetna
to check for any other mis-directed treatment or Rxs and will forward that
upon receipt.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Mar 17, 2022 at 3:06 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good afternoon Ladies,
>     Mrs. Guenther seems to be doing well post surgery, however she is
> needing a new cuff for her ice machine. She is working with her provider to
> get this taken care of, however I have attached the order they provided as
> a courtesy. I believe Vascu Therm rep will be sending it over for approval.
>      Also, Mrs. Guenther advised that she has not received any mileage
> reimbursement since the start of her claim, she has provided all the dates
> and mileage travel in the attached Form 114s. I did make sure to use the
> appropriate reimbursement rate in effect at the time of the visits. Please
> review all of the attached and advise when reimbursement is issued.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Fri, Mar 4, 2022 at 9:46 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good morning Tere,
>>      I'm sure you have received the email from E&B that Cynthia's Rxs
>> have been called into the Kroger in Lagrange, KY, phone # 502-222-2028.
>> Please make sure they are aware these are approved and will be ready for
>> pickup this afternoon.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>

## 11:08:33

Recvd correspondence from Client w/Rx Receipts & EOB from Aetna
Aetna has made payments - Will need to get ledger and send to WC for Subro prior to settlement

## 11:01:24

__Re: Phamacy bills__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 23 Mar 2022 21:08:43 +0000 (UTC)

 That's what I had said before I did not have a script card for this claim. After the first surgery I had issues getting meds. That's why I was so intent of getting everything approved before hand this time. They said it was taken care of and approved but when I went in to get them Kroger said it wasn't set up and they couldn't get a hold of anyone. When they did they said the case was closed.  My mom knowing I was going to need the meds after surgery and it being after 5:00 when we got there she was all upset and I was still out of it so she didn't call you. After trying for 40 minutes with me out in the car she just paid for it and left. I sent you an email about it all on March 5th  and you told me to send you the receipt. That's what I did. The pharmacy said that if WC credited it I'd get my money back. They didn't so I haven't. As far as the sleeve Gould's still doesn't have a script for me. Bridgett sent a note to you and I both on Friday. So right now I'm using duct tape. As far as PT they finally approved it in time that I was able to go today.
Cynthia
    On Wednesday, March 23, 2022, 03:59:22 PM EDT, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Good afternoon Cynthia,    Now that I have had a moment to review the submitted attachments, I noticed AETNA was billed for these things? Please advise your pharmacy to use your workers' compensation coverage for all prescriptions related to your surgery, that way there are no patient payments due.     Your providers and pharmacy should be submitting all bills to Gallagher Bassett under Claim #: 006829-4840310-WC-01. Please make sure they have a copy of your Rx card on file.     I will submit these for reimbursement via the Form 114 for your out of pocket expenses and will request AETNA to update us on any other payments they may have made to date which are due for reimbursement to them.      
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, Mar 21, 2022 at 4:45 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

Pharmacy Bills and Atena for Surgical approval appointment
