---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-04

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:52:04

__Re: newest__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 3 Mar 2022 23:12:15 +0000 (UTC)

Sarena,I received the attached letter from Darden. They are denying the time between 1/12 and 1/19 that Dr Kasey wrote the notes for, and also the 2/18 -3/3. By not approving all of these Im loosing my average hours, which then makes me unable to quailfy  for my medical and all other insurance. Also It will then be up to boss if she wants to fire me for unapproved leave. Is there anything that can be done? Veronica is the adjuster if you want to call her on it.Also I have made up the excel from all of the appointments that WC Has not paid me travel for. It is also attached
 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Sarena Tuttle 
To: Woodedfarm 
Sent: Thu, Mar 3, 2022 10:32 am
Subject: Re: medications

No, I have not heard anything further. You will be the 1st to know when I do. We have to allow them time to look into everything. This will not be an instant fix, please focus on preparing for surgery and we will get everything else worked out. However, keep in mind your physical therapy may not be ordered as 'In Home' therapy and you may have to go to a physical therapy facility. Again, I will update you as soon as I know more.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Thu, Mar 3, 2022 at 10:25 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 I'm just not going to cash that check. I will cash the others but not that one.
    On Thursday, March 3, 2022, 09:31:18 AM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 They are still working to clear up the pay issue. I will reach out to them and see how they would like to handle that. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 5:04 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Also I have received 2 checks from WC. One is for that first 2 week. Do I send that one back?? Since I got paid by work a lot more that I got from WC and I'd rather give them theirs back instead of going thru all the trouble with it coming back out of my account. If comes back out of account it will be a little over $1000 WC only gave me $793.72

    On Wednesday, March 2, 2022, 03:16:10 PM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 They will work it out. Just give them some time. I  know it's frustrating.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 3:15 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Tiffany is out today she needs to talk to Casey today
    On Wednesday, March 2, 2022, 03:13:01 PM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Oh Ok... That helps.I have asked Adjuster Walker to call Tiffany per our previous conversations. Im confident they will get it worked out.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 3:10 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 I'm typing on my phone In the car. Moms driving. E=Ellis the H was supposed to be a B for Badenhaiser. Casey is looking into it to see why It wasn't sent or if it was per Shelby.
    On Wednesday, March 2, 2022, 02:54:37 PM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Who is B&H Ortho?Adjuster Walker HAS to have the ORDER from Ellis & Badenhausen for the In Home physical therapy, if Ellis & Badenhausen did not ORDER In home therapy, then she can not approve In Home therapy.  
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 2:51 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 B and H Ortho called Walker but she's not answering her phone. They left a message and haven't heard back. Casey did say that if it's not cleared up by the end of the day it will have to be rescheduled yet again. See if you can light a bomb under Walker
Cindy
    On Wednesday, March 2, 2022, 02:01:30 PM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Good afternoon Cynthia,I received an email from Adjuster Walker moments before yours. At this time, WC has not received any documents related to the physical therapy. They need to contact Adjuster Walker to discuss this.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 1:52 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Ellis and bidenhauser called me again asking about in home rehab. I told them you would call when you heard back from WC. 
Yesterday was not a good day. My sister's house burnt to the ground yesterday. She thought she had lost her momma dog in the fire. Luckily she was same and hinding under some pallets and is ok. So I'm dealing with a lot.
Cindy
    On Tuesday, March 1, 2022, 09:37:12 AM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 I apologize Cynthia, Monday's are quite busy and with being out on Friday, it was super busy. I have reached out to the Defense Counsel and your adjuster but have not heard back as of yet. I will reach out to you as soon as I hear back. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, Feb 28, 2022 at 4:09 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

 Sarena What's the word on the AT HOME  therapy for the 2 weeks and on getting the meds set up? I never have gotten a phone call from you like I asked 
    On Monday, February 28, 2022, 11:00:26 AM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 uummm... Yes, I will follow up on this. Please send over the receipt.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Mon, Feb 28, 2022 at 10:40 AM Woodedfarm  wrote:

It was not WAlgreens it was Kroger. THey called while I was there and WC Denied it THey gave them the WC number and they said no
 
 
 
-----Original Message-----
From: Sarena Tuttle 
To: Woodedfarm 
Sent: Mon, Feb 28, 2022 10:36 am
Subject: Re: medications

Please send me the receipt where you paid for your Rx.Walgreens is bad for this, I've had many client's have issues getting Rx from them. It has something to do with their system.
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 365-9435O: (502) 583-4022E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Sun, Feb 27, 2022 at 11:58 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

Sarena,Remember last week when I told you that I was going to have to pick up meds to take before surgery??? WELL Once again I went to pick them up and Workmans comp DENIED them, and I had to pay for them to be able to start taking them AS PRESCRIBED. I thought you were going to make sure they knew it was coming so I didn't have to worry about it. Im beyond ticked. I found out from others who have had the same surgery that this is a normal thing.
On Friday I will have meds for AFTER Surgery. I would rather my 80 yr old mother,whos mind isnt 100% when shes upset, not have to go into Kroger and have to try to figure out how to get the meds. 
PLEASE Call them and get this straightened out, then call me.
Cynthia

## 10:50:59

Recvd Correspondence from Kayla w/E&B - She is working with their PT department to get Client schedule for Monday - She also had Dr. Popham go ahead and call in the PostOp Rxs to Kroger in LaGrange - She cc'd Adjuster Walker automatically - Still sent separate email to Adjuster Walker & DC regarding Rxs and making sure they are approved prior to Client's release from surgery

## 10:47:07

__Cynthia Guenther v Olive Garden__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)
CC: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
Date: Fri, 4 Mar 2022 09:46:54 -0500

Good morning Tere,
     I'm sure you have received the email from E&B that Cynthia's Rxs have
been called into the Kroger in Lagrange, KY, phone # 502-222-2028. Please
make sure they are aware these are approved and will be ready for pickup
this afternoon.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 10:43:31

__EBEPSC Surgery tomorrow__
From: Kayla Craven  [kayla.c@eandbortho.com](mailto:kayla.c@eandbortho.com)
To: theresa_walker@gbtpa.com ,  sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 3 Mar 2022 16:19:58 -0500

Hello,

I have spoken to Ms. Guenther regarding home health vs outpatient physical
therapy.  At this time she has agreed to come to post op physical therapy
at our office IF Theresa is unable to set up home health.  Her preference
is still home health.  My staff is working on getting her worked onto our
schedule for her first post op PT appointment to be on Monday in the event
that home health can not be sorted out.

While speaking with Ms. Guenther she mentioned she had some issues when she
went to pick up her pre-operative mupirocin ointment that is prescribed for
surgery stating that it was denied by WC and she had to pay out of pocket
for the medication.  She's asked me to work on her post op pain medication
to prevent her from having the same issue.  Dr. Popham has gone ahead and
called in her post op pain medication so that the authorization can be
obtained in a timely manner.  That has been called into Kroger in Lagrange,
KY, phone # 502-222-2028.  Let me know if you need any additional
information from me.

Thank you,

Kayla Craven RT(R)
Eastpoint Office Manager
Ellis and Badenhausen Orthopaedics, PSC




This message was secured by Zix(R).
