---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-28

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 13:30:46

Sent email to DC & WC Adjuster requesting they address Client's concerns with Rxs and IHPT

## 13:30:11

Recvd multiple emails from client over the weekend - There was an issue with Kroger not getting Rx approval and Client had to pay out of pocket - She is concerned this will happen again with her Post-Op Rxs - She is also concerned that she was advised she would have In-Home PT immediately post-op however none of the IHPT Providers in her area accept WC Ins Coverage

## 13:28:24

__Re: Cynthia Guenther v Olive Garden__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)
CC: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2022 12:27:21 -0500

Good morning Ladies,
    Cynthia reached out today and advised Kroger is having issues getting
approval for her prescriptions and she had to pay out of pocket for them.
Please confirm with Kroger that her Rxs are covered and that she is also
pre-approved for her post surgery Rxs.
     She also mentioned that she is to have In-Home Physical Therapy for a
short period of time immediately post surgery, however, the In-Home
Physical Therapy providers in her area do not accept workers' compensation
coverage. Is there a provider you can recommend or set her up with?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Feb 23, 2022 at 11:08 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Ladies,
>     Please find attached the most recent off-work note for Cynthia that
> covers from 02/18/2022 through 05/29/2022. Hopefully, things will continue
> to move forward at a steady pace, however, if you need anything, please
> feel free to contact us to discuss it in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>

## 11:37:10

__Physical theropy__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2022 05:00:46 +0000 (UTC)

Also please find out whats going to have to happen for my physical therapy to start on time. I do not want a delay that could cause me not to be able to get full range of motion back.

## 11:36:19

__medications__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 28 Feb 2022 04:58:33 +0000 (UTC)

Sarena,Remember last week when I told you that I was going to have to pick up meds to take before surgery??? WELL Once again I went to pick them up and Workmans comp DENIED them, and I had to pay for them to be able to start taking them AS PRESCRIBED. I thought you were going to make sure they knew it was coming so I didn't have to worry about it. Im beyond ticked. I found out from others who have had the same surgery that this is a normal thing.
On Friday I will have meds for AFTER Surgery. I would rather my 80 yr old mother,whos mind isnt 100% when shes upset, not have to go into Kroger and have to try to figure out how to get the meds. 
PLEASE Call them and get this straightened out, then call me.
Cynthia
