---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-01

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 19:21:39

Recvd Client email asking about WC Tax Documents - Advised I can not speak as to when WC Carrier will send 1099, Assume they follow the same deadlines as W2s - Client asked about status - Advised will follow up with AW on this #cc #Review

## 19:19:29

__Re: Work comp tax question__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 1 Feb 2023 18:17:28 -0500

Good afternoon Cynthia,
    I apologize for the delayed response. I can not speak as to when they
will send out 1099s, I assume they have the same deadline as any other tax
documents. Your claim has been with Aaron his review, I will follow up with
him on things.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 11:33 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

> I have not received anything yet. When would the latest it would arrive. I
> know W-2s have to be delivered by Jan 31. Also have you heard anything yet
> on the Dr deposition?? I will need plenty of notice for any court date due
> to what Im doing with Hometown Pizza.
>
> Cynthia Guenther
>
> On Tuesday, January 3, 2023 at 11:37:03 AM EST, Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>
> Happy New Year Cynthia,
> Lol. No, we definitely do not want any issues with Uncle Sam.
> They will send you a 1099 showing what they paid you & any taxes taken
> out.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Sun, Jan 1, 2023 at 11:56 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:
>
> Will I get a W2 from WC for what I received from them? When I started
> collecting I did tell them to withhold taxes. Or at least I thought I did.
> Or do I have to add up what I received and put it in as income?
>
> Don't want to be in trouble with Uncle Sam.
>
> Cynthia Guenther
>
>

## 19:18:36

__Re: Work comp tax question__
From: Woodedfarm  [woodedfarm@aol.com](mailto:woodedfarm@aol.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 27 Jan 2023 04:33:46 +0000 (UTC)

 I have not received anything yet. When would the latest it would arrive. I know W-2s have to be delivered by Jan 31. Also have you heard anything yet on the Dr deposition?? I will need plenty of notice for any court date due to what Im doing with Hometown Pizza.
Cynthia Guenther 
    On Tuesday, January 3, 2023 at 11:37:03 AM EST, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:  
 
 Happy New Year Cynthia, 
Lol. No, we definitely do not want any issues with Uncle Sam. 
They will send you a 1099 showing what they paid you & any taxes taken out. 
Sarena M. TuttleThe Whaley Law Firm712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222D: (502) 357-9971O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

On Sun, Jan 1, 2023 at 11:56 PM Woodedfarm  wrote:

Will I get a W2 from WC for what I received from them? When I started collecting I did tell them to withhold taxes. Or at least I thought I did. Or do I have to add up what I received and put it in as income?
Don't want to be in trouble with Uncle Sam.
Cynthia Guenther

## 19:15:34

__New Voice Message from C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 on 01/31/2023 3:20 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 31 Jan 2023 20:20:57 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* C GUENTHER (502) 648-0534 
*Received:* Tuesday, January 31, 2023 at 3:20 PM 
*Length:* 00:32 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, it's Cynthia Gunther. I missed your call sent you an email 
and didn't get an answer. So I didn't know if you got it or not but I was 
wondering when should they be sending me that W Hubbard nine or whatever 
not not another thing for my taxes, if they took them out so I just wanted 
to know when they should be sending that because I still haven't gotten 
anything you could give me a call 502-648-0534 thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
