---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-05

**Case:** [[cases/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019/cynthia-guenther-wc-12-20-2019|Cynthia Guenther WC - 12/20/2019]]

## 10:38:49

@aaronw Please review for a motion for sanctions against the WC carrier - Client injured in 2019 - Continued delays & medical canvases (over a year) delayed her treatment to a point the original recommended surgery had to be upgraded to a TKA & didnt take place until 2022 - Now they are repeating the same pattern - Client was recommended for a revision surgery on 04/04 - We immediately notified the DC & Adj the very same day - a month later they are stating, again, "we have not received the request" yet the provider is stating they sent the documents & followed up on the documents being told it is being reviewed for work relatedness which is already established - cc'd you on the email chain but attached most recent for you

## 09:53:03

Recvd DC reply to FU email - States when she last spoke w/WC Adj she had not received paperwork requesting the revision approval - She is also not sure what Client was talking about as they have not received any paperwork - Replied to DC asking if WC Adj has even reached out to provider to obtain paperwork - We notified both DC & WC Adj on April 4 of the recommended procedure - WC Adj should have obtained & reviewed by now - Called Provider (closed for Oaks) - LVM requesting call or documents be emailed over to us to forward #Txstatus

## 09:48:50

__Re: Guenther v Darden (Olive Garden) - Revision Surgery Request Approval__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
CC: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com),  Aaron Whaley  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)com)
Date: Fri, 5 May 2023 09:44:52 -0400

Good afternoon Samantha,
    Thank you for the reply. Has Tere not reached out to the provider yet
to obtain this information? We are also not sure why Mrs. Guenther was told
this or why a month later Tere still does not have the paperwork.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, May 4, 2023 at 6:29?PM Samantha Steelman 
wrote:

> Hello Sarena- When I last spoke with Tere, she had not received the
> surgical request or medical notes to support that request.  I am not sure
> what your client is referencing regarding “work-relatedness” as we have not
> received a request to have a UR, much less obtain a medical opinion on
> relatedness.
>
>
>
> We will be in touch when we receive further information.
>
>
>
> *Samantha Steelman, Esq.** - * 859-426-3675 (direct)
> Reminger Co., L.P.A.
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, May 3, 2023 3:10 PM
> *To:* Samantha Steelman ; Theresa Walker <
> theresa_walker@gbtpa.com>
> *Cc:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Subject:* Guenther v Darden (Olive Garden) - Revision Surgery Request
> Approval
>
>
>
>
>
> Good afternoon Ladies,
>
>     On April 4, 2023 our office notified you both that Mrs. Guenther's
> treating physician has recommended a 2nd surgery for revision of the spacer
> implanted in her knee. The current spacer is not big enough and causing
> instability in her knee.
>
>      Today, Mrs. Guenther contacted us to advise that this surgery is
> still pending your approval and she has been advised by her provider that
> WC has stated that they are awaiting work-relatedness. Work relatedness has
> been well established and accepted at this point and should not be used as
> a way to delay her 2nd surgery.
>
>      As you remember your office delayed her initial surgery request so
> long that her recommended surgery had to be upgraded due to the continued
> damage during the delay. Please review & approve this surgery as soon as
> possible. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> Litigation Paralegal &
>
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 357-9971
>
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> *Disclaimer*
>
> The information contained in this communication from the sender is
> confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others
> authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby
> notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in
> relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may
> be unlawful. This email has been scanned for viruses and malware by *Mimecast
> Ltd*.
>

## 09:48:32

__RE: Guenther v Darden (Olive Garden) - Revision Surgery Request Approval__
From: Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 4 May 2023 22:29:50 +0000

Hello Sarena- When I last spoke with Tere, she had not received the surgical request or medical notes to support that request.  I am not sure what your client is referencing regarding “work-relatedness” as we have not received a request to have a UR, much less obtain a medical opinion on relatedness.

We will be in touch when we receive further information.

Samantha Steelman, Esq. -  859-426-3675 (direct)
Reminger Co., L.P.A.


From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Wednesday, May 3, 2023 3:10 PM
To: Samantha Steelman ; Theresa Walker 
Cc: Aaron Whaley 
Subject: Guenther v Darden (Olive Garden) - Revision Surgery Request Approval

Good afternoon Ladies,    On April 4, 2023 our office notified you both that Mrs. Guenther's treating physician has recommended a 2nd surgery for revision of the spacer implanted in her knee. The current spacer is not big enough and causing instability in her knee.      Today ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?


Good afternoon Ladies,
    On April 4, 2023 our office notified you both that Mrs. Guenther's treating physician has recommended a 2nd surgery for revision of the spacer implanted in her knee. The current spacer is not big enough and causing instability in her knee.
     Today, Mrs. Guenther contacted us to advise that this surgery is still pending your approval and she has been advised by her provider that WC has stated that they are awaiting work-relatedness. Work relatedness has been well established and accepted at this point and should not be used as a way to delay her 2nd surgery.
     As you remember your office delayed her initial surgery request so long that her recommended surgery had to be upgraded due to the continued damage during the delay. Please review & approve this surgery as soon as possible. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. This email has been scanned for viruses and malware by Mimecast Ltd.
