---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-17

**Case:** [[cases/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022|Quartize Rhodes Dual WC/MVA 07/11/2022]]

## 14:55:19

__Re: GBGO mygbclaim - Claim #000531-080002-WC-01__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Amy Harman  [Amy_Harman@gbtpa.com](mailto:Amy_Harman@gbtpa.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 17 Aug 2022 14:54:43 -0400

Thank you for the heads up Amy. Did you happen to receive my email on the
MRI approval?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Aug 17, 2022 at 2:28 PM Amy Harman  wrote:

> Quartize, We have been advised to not have any correspondence with you
> since you are represented.
>
>
>
> Amy Harman| SR Resolution Manager | Gallagher Bassett Services
> Reporting Branch: Columbus (017) | Office Location: Dublin, Ohio
> Mailing Address: PO Box 2934 Clinton, IA 52733-2934
> D: 614-356-2282 |  M: 800-416-1826  | F: 614-764-8872
> E: amy_harman@gbtpa.com
> Alternate Point of Contact: Patty_Mason@gbtpa.com| 614-356-2267
>
> *** Gallagher Bassett is committed to delivering exceptional service and
> we are here to help. Please contact my Team Lead Robin Angel
> robin_angel@gbtpa.com or 614-356-2290 with any questions.***
>
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: South Louisville Bullys 
> Sent: Wednesday, August 17, 2022 1:35 PM
> To: Amy Harman 
> Subject: GBGO mygbclaim - Claim #000531-080002-WC-01
>
> [EXTERNAL]
>
>
> I received the check is it ok to cash it
>
> Sent from my iPhone
>

## 14:55:01

__RE: GBGO mygbclaim - Claim #000531-080002-WC-01__
From: Amy Harman  [Amy_Harman@gbtpa.com](mailto:Amy_Harman@gbtpa.com)
To: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
CC: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 17 Aug 2022 18:28:01 +0000

Quartize, We have been advised to not have any correspondence with you since you are represented. 



Amy Harman| SR Resolution Manager | Gallagher Bassett Services
Reporting Branch: Columbus (017) | Office Location: Dublin, Ohio
Mailing Address: PO Box 2934 Clinton, IA 52733-2934
D: 614-356-2282 |  M: 800-416-1826  | F: 614-764-8872
E: amy_harman@gbtpa.com
Alternate Point of Contact: Patty_Mason@gbtpa.com| 614-356-2267

*** Gallagher Bassett is committed to delivering exceptional service and we are here to help. Please contact my Team Lead Robin Angel robin_angel@gbtpa.com or 614-356-2290 with any questions.***


-----Original Message-----
From: South Louisville Bullys  
Sent: Wednesday, August 17, 2022 1:35 PM
To: Amy Harman 
Subject: GBGO mygbclaim - Claim #000531-080002-WC-01

[EXTERNAL]


I received the check is it ok to cash it

Sent from my iPhone

## 14:45:28

__Alert Notification__
From: from@lexisnexis.com
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 17 Aug 2022 14:42:30 -0400

 
BuyCrash  
Alert Notification 
Alert Has Expired 
Unfortunately, this alert has expired and together with its associated 
report(s) will no longer be available for viewing. 
Search Criteria: 
State: KY
Jurisdiction: LOUISVILLE METRO POLICE DEPT
Last name: Rhodes
Date Of Incident: 07/11/2022
Report number: 8022039019 
Alert Information: 
Creation Date: 07/14/2022
Duration: 180 days 
Next Steps: 
To create a new alert: 

1. Go to LexisNexis® BuyCrash .
2. Select the 'Search' option.
3. Perform a new search. Provide as many details as you can in the search 
fields.
4. If there are no results, click the link to create a new alert.
Your access and use of this report and this service is subject to the Terms 
and Conditions . 
If you have questions or concerns, please contact Customer Support at 
866-215-2771 or email  Product 
Support. 

Please do not reply to this automated message. The information contained in 
this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use 
of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client 
communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and 
confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient 
or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that 
any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, 
please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.
Copyright &copy 2022 LexisNexis Risk Solutions | Privacy Policy 
 

The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the 
personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message 
may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is 
privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the 
intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this 
document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or 
copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete 
the original message.

## 10:23:51

Recvd Client email requesting call this morning - Called Client - Wanted to verify provider contacted us about MRI - Advised that they did but we need an actual medical approval form to submit to Adjuster and we are awaiting that - Also advised that we did reach out to his adjuster and asked if there was anything else she would need and also awaiting her response - Client is happy things are in progress #cc

## 09:41:04

From: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 17 Aug 2022 06:15:09 -0700

## 09:40:31

From: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 17 Aug 2022 09:06:48 -0400

Can you give me a call this morning
