---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-06

**Case:** [[cases/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022|Quartize Rhodes Dual WC/MVA 07/11/2022]]

## 11:40:35

Recvd Client Email - He is nervous about having any type of surgery but is having issues with shoulder "From time to time" - Assured Client being nervous is totally understandable but requested he give us a call to discuss further - cc'd AW on reply to keep him in the loop #cc

## 11:38:49

__Re: Checking in__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 6 Feb 2023 10:36:29 -0500

Good morning Quartize,
     I totally understand being nervous and not looking forward to any type
of surgery. It is your body & totally up to you, however, we do recommend
following the doctor's recommendations for the best outcome. Please give us
a call to discuss this in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 10:57 PM South Louisville Bullys <
quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:

> From time time it bothers me but I don’t wanna be cut on so I’m nervous
>
> On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 9:47 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good morning Quartize,
>>     How has that been working for you?
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 8:20 AM South Louisville Bullys <
>> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Yes he gave me Medicine and told me if I had a problem to come back he
>>> didn’t X-ray or anything I told him what was going on and he gave me the
>>> medicine to run on my neck
>>>
>>> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 7:12 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good evening Quartez,
>>>>     I apologize for the delayed response. Your claim has been
>>>> transferred to another case manager within the firm. In review of your
>>>> file, I see where you were sent to UL Orthopedics back in October and they
>>>> were looking to a tear in your left shoulder as well as a 'chip' in your C6
>>>> (neck) area. Did you attend this appointment? What was the outcome?
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 10:38 AM South Louisville Bullys <
>>>> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hello Sarena I was just checking in how are things going
>>>>
>>>>

## 11:37:59

__Re: Checking in__
From: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 3 Feb 2023 22:56:54 -0500

From time time it bothers me but I don’t wanna be cut on so I’m nervous

On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 9:47 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Quartize,
>     How has that been working for you?
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 8:20 AM South Louisville Bullys <
> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Yes he gave me Medicine and told me if I had a problem to come back he
>> didn’t X-ray or anything I told him what was going on and he gave me the
>> medicine to run on my neck
>>
>> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 7:12 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good evening Quartez,
>>>     I apologize for the delayed response. Your claim has been
>>> transferred to another case manager within the firm. In review of your
>>> file, I see where you were sent to UL Orthopedics back in October and they
>>> were looking to a tear in your left shoulder as well as a 'chip' in your C6
>>> (neck) area. Did you attend this appointment? What was the outcome?
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 10:38 AM South Louisville Bullys <
>>> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hello Sarena I was just checking in how are things going
>>>
>>>
