---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-03

**Case:** [[cases/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022|Quartize Rhodes Dual WC/MVA 07/11/2022]]

## 10:49:19

__Re: Checking in__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 3 Feb 2023 09:47:07 -0500

Good morning Quartize,
    How has that been working for you?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Feb 3, 2023 at 8:20 AM South Louisville Bullys <
quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:

> Yes he gave me Medicine and told me if I had a problem to come back he
> didn’t X-ray or anything I told him what was going on and he gave me the
> medicine to run on my neck
>
> On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 7:12 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good evening Quartez,
>>     I apologize for the delayed response. Your claim has been transferred
>> to another case manager within the firm. In review of your file, I see
>> where you were sent to UL Orthopedics back in October and they were looking
>> to a tear in your left shoulder as well as a 'chip' in your C6 (neck) area.
>> Did you attend this appointment? What was the outcome?
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> D: (502) 357-9971
>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 10:38 AM South Louisville Bullys <
>> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hello Sarena I was just checking in how are things going
>>
>>

## 10:48:51

__Re: Checking in__
From: South Louisville Bullys  [quartizerhodes@gmail.com](mailto:quartizerhodes@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 3 Feb 2023 08:20:19 -0500

Yes he gave me Medicine and told me if I had a problem to come back he
didn’t X-ray or anything I told him what was going on and he gave me the
medicine to run on my neck

On Wed, Feb 1, 2023 at 7:12 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good evening Quartez,
>     I apologize for the delayed response. Your claim has been transferred
> to another case manager within the firm. In review of your file, I see
> where you were sent to UL Orthopedics back in October and they were looking
> to a tear in your left shoulder as well as a 'chip' in your C6 (neck) area.
> Did you attend this appointment? What was the outcome?
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Thu, Jan 26, 2023 at 10:38 AM South Louisville Bullys <
> quartizerhodes@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Hello Sarena I was just checking in how are things going
>
>
