---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-06

**Case:** [[cases/frances-michelle-lawson-premise-07-18-2022/frances-michelle-lawson-premise-07-18-2022|Frances Michelle Lawson Premise 07/18/2022]]

## 15:16:22

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM - Returning our call - Not sure who called - No upd Notes - Assume BK called to discuss Negotiations - Set Task advised BK Client Called - Returned Client's Call - Line went dead - 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: February 06 2024

## 15:10:06

__New Voice Message from LAWSON FRANCES (502) 203-4392 on 02/06/2024 1:25 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 6 Feb 2024 18:26:29 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LAWSON FRANCES (502) 203-4392 
*Received:* Tuesday, February 06, 2024 at 1:25 PM 
*Length:* 00:18 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Yes, thank you. This is Frances Lawson, Frances Michelle Lawson returning 
your call. My number is 502-203-4392. Thank you again, 502-203-4392." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 15:17:13

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
