---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-24"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-24

**Case:** [[cases/henrietta-jenkins-mva-03-18-2023/henrietta-jenkins-mva-03-18-2023|Henrietta Jenkins MVA 03/18/2023]]

## 13:35:12

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-08-24 17:27:24.218000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 2102366110 

Caller ID: 210-236-6110 

Caller Name: Priscilla Escalera 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/15336248

## 13:33:25

__Re: FW: Henrietta Jenkins 11/18/1972 - OSSP Procedure Recommendations__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com), [HenriettaJenkinsZ3450918@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:HenriettaJenkinsZ3450918@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Aug 2023 13:33:09 -0400

she has $25k UIM but I dont know the liability limits. There are 3 injured
people so that will create a limits issue for BI as well.

On Thu, Aug 24, 2023 at 11:23?AM  wrote:

> Thoughts on this?
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Thursday, August 24, 2023 11:22 AM
> *To:* Justin Chumbley 
> *Subject:* Fwd: Henrietta Jenkins 11/18/1972 - OSSP Procedure
> Recommendations
>
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> Litigation Paralegal &
>
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 357-9971
>
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: *Alex Paras* 
> Date: Thu, Aug 24, 2023 at 9:30?AM
> Subject: Henrietta Jenkins 11/18/1972 - OSSP Procedure Recommendations
> To: Sarena Tuttle 
> Cc: Karley Jones 
>
>
>
> Good morning!
>
>
>
> I hope you are doing well. Your client saw Dr. Chrisman yesterday and was
> recommended the following:
>
> **Treating under an Atty LIEN**
>
>
>
>    - Left Side Cervical RFA C4-C7 (projected cost ~ $25k)?Not Yet
>    Scheduled
>    - A post procedure/follow up?Not Yet Scheduled
>
>
>
> To date, patient?s estimated balance with OSSP is $17,117.37 (not
> including yesterday?s visit). At your earliest convenience, please provide
> us the following missing information/documents as soon as possible to
> further evaluate:
>
>
>
>    - Limits Liability (BI)
>    - UM Limits (add on / reduced by)
>    - Have they accepted liability?
>    - Balance of other medicals to date:
>    - Property damage amount
>    - Copy of the police report
>
>
>
> Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach
> out to me.
>
>
>
> Best regards,
>
>
>
> [image: A logo with red dots Description automatically generated]
>
> *Alexander Paras*
>
> Training and Development Specialist
>
>
> Direct:            678-400-7847
>
> E-mail:            aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com
>
>
>
> Confidentiality Notice: The contents of this email and any attachments are
> intended solely for the addressee(s) specified and may contain confidential
> and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure.
> It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third
> party, without a written consent of the sender. If you received this
> message by mistake, please reply to this message immediately, to alert the
> sender and follow with its deletion and any attachments. This is to ensure
> such a mistake does not occur in the future. If you are not the intended
> recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or
> storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:31:16

__New Insurance Note:__ 8/24 calm want to know limits
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Liberty Mutual Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 13:30:17

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-08-24 17:23:03.484000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 2102366110 

Caller ID: 210-236-6110 

Caller Name: Priscilla Escalera 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/15336248

## 13:25:43

__New Insurance Note:__ Rebecca  Astroski 317-688-6750
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Liberty Mutual Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 11:21:24

__Henrietta Jenkins 11/18/1972 - OSSP Procedure Recommendations__
From: Alex Paras  [aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Karley Jones  [kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Aug 2023 13:29:58 +0000

Good morning!

I hope you are doing well. Your client saw Dr. Chrisman yesterday and was recommended the following:
*Treating under an Atty LIEN*


  *   Left Side Cervical RFA C4-C7 (projected cost ~ $25k)-Not Yet Scheduled
  *   A post procedure/follow up-Not Yet Scheduled

To date, patient's estimated balance with OSSP is $17,117.37 (not including yesterday's visit). At your earliest convenience, please provide us the following missing information/documents as soon as possible to further evaluate:


  *   Limits Liability (BI)
  *   UM Limits (add on / reduced by)
  *   Have they accepted liability?
  *   Balance of other medicals to date:
  *   Property damage amount
  *   Copy of the police report

Should you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach out to me.

Best regards,

[A logo with red dots  Description automatically generated]
Alexander Paras
Training and Development Specialist

Direct:            678-400-7847
E-mail:            aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com

Confidentiality Notice: The contents of this email and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) specified and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third party, without a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message immediately, to alert the sender and follow with its deletion and any attachments. This is to ensure such a mistake does not occur in the future. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.
