---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-07

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 17:07:50

Client sent Employer email - Sent Wage Verification Request to James.Gibson5@CaliberCollision.com - cc'd Client as well - Client has advised that employer is being pushy and him returning to work and threatening to give his position away - In Wage Verification request, politely reminded employer that Federal law does allow Client time off work for his injuries - Also requested STD paperwork to ensure no overlap in benefits - PIP Lost Wages & STD should not exceed 100% of Client's AWW or Client could be made to repay overages #LostWage #STD #WageVerification

## 17:02:21

__Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: James.gibson5@calibercollision.com 
CC:  
Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2022 16:01:16 -0500

Good afternoon Mr. Gibson,
   Our office represents Mr. Wayne Coomer for any & all claims arising from
his motor vehicle accident that took place on October 17, 2022. We have
been advised that Mr. Coomer has been placed off work by his medical
provider for an undetermined amount of time. Please be aware that Federal
Law does allow employees a leave of absence for serious illness or
injuries. We understand that Mr. Coomer has provided you with his Doctors
statements stating as such and that Mr. Coomer will be reevaluated on or
before November 14, 2022 and will be released to return to work once he is
medically able to return while not causing further harm or injury.
    At this time, we are formally requesting the attached Wage & Salary
Verification be completed and returned to our office as soon as possible
for processing Mr. Coomer's lost wage benefits. We are also requesting any
& all documentation related to Mr. Coomer's Short Term Disability
application and current status to ensure there is no overlap in benefits
that we should be aware of. If you have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact our office to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 16:28:30

__Re: Wage & Salary Verification Form - Please have your employer complete__
From: Scott Coomer  [coomer07@gmail.com](mailto:coomer07@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2022 14:30:12 -0500

This is my manger email James.Gibson@calibercollision.com 


Sent from my iPhone

> On Nov 7, 2022, at 2:23 PM, Sarena Tuttle  wrote:
> 
> ?
> Good afternoon Wayne,
>     Here is the form for your employer to complete with your wage information. This is required for processing your lost wages from the insurance company. Also, please provide copies of any doctor statements or off-work notes that you may have as well as your employer/supervisors email address. 
> 
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
> <2021 Whaley Wage & Salary Verification.pdf>

## 15:26:41

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - He had questions about lost wages - Advised awaiting PIP LOR Ack, Wage Verification & OWNs - Emailed Wage Verification to Client to provide to employer - Client advised employer has threatened to fire him if he does not return to work even though Client has provided up to date OWNs - Requested Client to send employer email address - Will send employer Wage Verification Directly and advise him formally that Client is OWN due to medical reasons and his position should be held until Client is able to return to work or is deemed unable to return to his position - Also Client has copies of OWN he will send in as well #cc #lostwages #employer

## 15:23:23

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 on 11/07/2022 2:11 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2022 19:11:51 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 
*Received:* Monday, November 07, 2022 at 2:11 PM 
*Length:* 00:11 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" This is Duane Cooper. Can you give me a call 909?" 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
