---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-08

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 11:50:36

__We received your request: ##RE-2208846## - Fwd: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: Caliber HR Payroll Team  [help1@calibercollision.com](mailto:help1@calibercollision.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 8 Nov 2022 09:12:46 -0600 (CST)



Hello ,

 

Thanks for contacting the Caliber Support Portal.  We will get back to you 
as soon as possible.

 

Your request Id is 2208846.

 

If you are a Caliber teammate, you can view updates made to your request at 
any time by following this link: 
https://help.calibercollision.com/WorkOrder.do?woMode=viewWO&woID=2208846&PORTALID=1

 

If you are an outside Vendor or Third Party requester, you will receive 
request updates via Email.

 

Thank you and have a great day!

 

Caliber Collision Support

Restoring The Rhythm Of Your Life. ®

## 11:40:21

Recvd PIP LOR Ack from Gary Jones - Advised Karl Truman listed as Esq - Called Client - They never returned his call - Sending Client Termination Letter to sign - Advised will send to Karl Truman & State Farm upon receipt #PIPLORAck #PriorAtty

## 11:33:11

Recvd Response from Supervisor James Gibson - Requested we send Lost wage verification to VOE@CaliberCollision.com - Forwarded email for Wage Verification #LostWages #Employer

## 11:11:23

__Fwd: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: voe@calibercollision.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 8 Nov 2022 10:10:53 -0500

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Sarena Tuttle 
Date: Mon, Nov 7, 2022 at 4:01 PM
Subject: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle
Accident 10/17/2022
To: 


Good afternoon Mr. Gibson,
   Our office represents Mr. Wayne Coomer for any & all claims arising from
his motor vehicle accident that took place on October 17, 2022. We have
been advised that Mr. Coomer has been placed off work by his medical
provider for an undetermined amount of time. Please be aware that Federal
Law does allow employees a leave of absence for serious illness or
injuries. We understand that Mr. Coomer has provided you with his Doctors
statements stating as such and that Mr. Coomer will be reevaluated on or
before November 14, 2022 and will be released to return to work once he is
medically able to return while not causing further harm or injury.
    At this time, we are formally requesting the attached Wage & Salary
Verification be completed and returned to our office as soon as possible
for processing Mr. Coomer's lost wage benefits. We are also requesting any
& all documentation related to Mr. Coomer's Short Term Disability
application and current status to ensure there is no overlap in benefits
that we should be aware of. If you have any questions, please do not
hesitate to contact our office to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 11:10:10

__Re: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: James Gibson  [james.gibson5@calibercollision.com](mailto:james.gibson5@calibercollision.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 8 Nov 2022 14:58:40 +0000

Sarena,
The info you are looking for I will need to refer to email voe@calibercollision.com or call 866-921-9186.
Thanks, and have a great day.

JG
________________________________
From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Monday, November 7, 2022 4:01 PM
To: James Gibson 
Subject: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022

EXTERNAL SENDER. Only open links and attachments from known senders. DO NOT provide your username or password.
Good afternoon Mr. Gibson,
   Our office represents Mr. Wayne Coomer for any & all claims arising from his motor vehicle accident that took place on October 17, 2022. We have been advised that Mr. Coomer has been placed off work by his medical provider for an undetermined amount of time. Please be aware that Federal Law does allow employees a leave of absence for serious illness or injuries. We understand that Mr. Coomer has provided you with his Doctors statements stating as such and that Mr. Coomer will be reevaluated on or before November 14, 2022 and will be released to return to work once he is medically able to return while not causing further harm or injury.
    At this time, we are formally requesting the attached Wage & Salary Verification be completed and returned to our office as soon as possible for processing Mr. Coomer's lost wage benefits. We are also requesting any & all documentation related to Mr. Coomer's Short Term Disability application and current status to ensure there is no overlap in benefits that we should be aware of. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact our office to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 10:47:25

__1740Q500G__
From: Gary Jones  [gary.jones.cxln@statefarm.com](mailto:gary.jones.cxln@statefarm.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2022 00:03:29 +0000

[cid:image001.png@01D5212E.8D105E10]
statefarm.com®
________________________________


Please open the attachment(s) for more claim information or next steps.

For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as Social Security Number, credit/debit card number (financial account number), driver’s license number, or health/medical information in an email. If you must send this type of information to State Farm, please contact your claim associate to request a secure email channel.







________________________________
Don't miss a call about your Auto claim from State Farm®!
Text AUTO to 62789 for your claim contact card or download it from your mobile device.

Don't miss a call about your Homeowners claim from State Farm®!
Text HOME to 62789 for your claim contact card or download it from your mobile device.
