---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-17

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 12:25:41

__We updated the status of your request: ##RE-2208846## - Fwd: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: Caliber HR Benefits Team  [help1@calibercollision.com](mailto:help1@calibercollision.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2022 15:55:10 -0600 (CST)



Hello ,


Your request 2208846 - Fwd: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne 
Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022 has been updated to Closed.


Technician comments: 


Please reply to this email to reopen the request if you need further 
assistance.

You can view and track the full details of your request here: 
https://help.calibercollision.com/WorkOrder.do?woMode=viewWO&woID=2208846&PORTALID=1


Thank you and have a great day!


Caliber Collision Support

Restoring The Rhythm Of Your Life. ®

## 12:25:02

__Re: ##RE-2208846## - Fwd: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle Accident 10/17/2022__
From: Caliber HR Benefits Team  [help1@calibercollision.com](mailto:help1@calibercollision.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC: voe@calibercollision.com 
Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2022 15:54:56 -0600 (CST)



Hello ,

I just responded to this but will attach info again.

Jan Best



Caliber Collision Support
Restoring The Rhythm Of Your Life. ®
-------------------------------------------

*EXTERNAL SENDER.* Only open links and attachments from known senders. DO 
NOT provide your username or password.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: *Sarena Tuttle*
Date: Mon, Nov 7, 2022 at 4:01 PM
Subject: Wage & Salary Verification Request - Wayne Coomer Motor Vehicle 
Accident 10/17/2022
To: 


Good afternoon Mr. Gibson,
   Our office represents Mr. Wayne Coomer for any & all claims arising from 
his motor vehicle accident that took place on October 17, 2022. We have 
been advised that Mr. Coomer has been placed off work by his medical 
provider for an undetermined amount of time. Please be aware that Federal 
Law does allow employees a leave of absence for serious illness or 
injuries. We understand that Mr. Coomer has provided you with his Doctors 
statements stating as such and that Mr. Coomer will be reevaluated on or 
before November 14, 2022 and will be released to return to work once he is 
medically able to return while not causing further harm or injury.
    At this time, we are formally requesting the attached Wage & Salary 
Verification be completed and returned to our office as soon as possible 
for processing Mr. Coomer's lost wage benefits. We are also requesting any 
& all documentation related to Mr. Coomer's Short Term Disability 
application and current status to ensure there is no overlap in benefits 
that we should be aware of. If you have any questions, please do not 
hesitate to contact our office to discuss them in further detail. 

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 11:44:56

Rec'd a call from Gail at Starlite - she was calling on the benefit of client - he was looking for his LW wages - I think Gail said client may have AFLAC as well. Spoke with ST about his situation and she is calling employer again and client #cc
