---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-25

**Case:** [[cases/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022/wayne-coomer-jr-mva-10-17-2022|Wayne Coomer Jr MVA 10/17/2022]]

## 12:18:40

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - Has Sx Consult tomorrow 01/26 to set Surgery Date - Has developed a bone spur that will be removed & they will do exploratory on Rotator Cuff - Client will remain Off work for quite sometime yet - Client will call in after Sx Consult with date, time & location #cc #txstatus

## 12:26:29

New Medical Provider Added

## 12:16:12

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 on 01/25/2023 10:34 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2023 15:34:45 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 909-4512 
*Received:* Wednesday, January 25, 2023 at 10:34 AM 
*Length:* 00:21 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Wayne. I was calling to give you an update I will 
have to go under shoulder surgery. I go to the charge it tomorrow to get 
the date and time could you please give me a call back at 502-909-4512. 
Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 11:20:06

Recvd Package Notification - Downloaded UL Physician MRs - Saved to Medical Records Folder #MR #MB

## 11:17:40

__New Package Notification__
From: Brian Price via University of Louisville Physicians Notification Service  [email@ulp.org](mailto:email@ulp.org)
To:  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 25 Jan 2023 10:05:14 -0500


New Package Notification

A package has been posted for you.

Subject: #secure#

Please use the following URL to view this package over a secure connection. After viewing this package, you may also download any associated attachments or compose a reply using your favorite web browser. 
  
( https://secureftp.ulp.org/human.aspx?OrgID=7565&language=en&Username=Sarena%40WhaleyLawFirm.com&Arg06=930306390&Arg12=message )

You will be required to supply a password to access this package. This password will be provided to you either by the original sender or by another email notification.

If you need assistance, please contact Help Desk at 502.588.0411 / helpdesk@ulp.org.


Regards,
University of Louisville Physicians Notification Service
