---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-17

**Case:** [[cases/shontay-arnold-mva-9-4-2023/shontay-arnold-mva-9-4-2023|Shontay Arnold MVA 9/4/2023]]

## 14:20:59

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [shontayarnold7@gmail.com](mailto:shontayarnold7@gmail.com) shontay Arnold, [tayser04@yahoo.com](mailto:tayser04@yahoo.com) shontay arnold
Date: Tue, 17 Oct 2023 14:18:59 -0400

Hi Ms. Shontay,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We received your voicemail
regarding Amiyiah Whaley. Would you like us to represent her as well? If
yes, we would like to have the following information about her to set up
her file: Full name: Date of Birth: SSN: if minor, Guardian's name:
Guardians's phone number: Address: You can reply here or on the text
message I sent to you. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 14:15:15

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  per client, she wants us to represent as well her second passenger, Amiyiah Whaley. She also stated that the state sent a letter for her, naming Amiyiah a beneficiary and needing required information, like a medical card info and her social security number. - Sent client a text message obtaining Amiyiah's information such as DOB, address, contact info. to set up file. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: October 17 2023

## 14:15:02

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:57:36

__Fwd: New Voice Message from ARNOLD SHONTAY (502) 450-2904 on 10/17/2023 1:16 PM__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ShontayArnoldMVAZ3895034@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ShontayArnoldMVAZ3895034@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 17 Oct 2023 13:57:33 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Oct 17, 2023 at 1:17?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from ARNOLD SHONTAY (502) 450-2904 on 10/17/2023
1:16 PM
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Coleen Thea Madayag,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ARNOLD SHONTAY (502) 450-2904
*Received:* Tuesday, October 17, 2023 at 1:16 PM
*Length:* 00:49
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 113 Coleen Thea Madayag

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hello, Miss Coleen, this is Chante Arnold again. I forgot to ask you about
my second passenger, Maya Wiley. I was wondering if you all are
representing her as well. Um, I could be reached at 502 450294. Uh, if not,
I would like for her to be represented by you all And also I left the
message last week letting you know that our state sent a letter for her to
my house, naming her a beneficiary and needing, uh, required information,
like a medical card info and her social security number, but anyway, uh,
524-51-2904, thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:43:31

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to give her an update - still waiting for an update/response from LMPD regarding ORR for bodycam/dashcam footage. Submitted an App for Benefits to KAC for Anton Arnold.

Client also mentioned that her vehicle is still at Suburban Towing. She doesn't know what to do about her vehicle because she's still waiting for Allstate.
Allstate also mentioned to her that they are still not accepting liability. Informed the client that we are waiting for the footage and obtaining more info to provide Allstate for them to review their liability decision. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: October 17 2023

## 12:43:16

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 12:43:16

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
