---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-03

**Case:** [[cases/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020|Olivia Hinkle MVA 10/07/2020]]

## 16:38:41

Do you think client will give 5 star review? If so reach out to client and send link.

## 16:40:21

__Re: Minor Settlement Documents__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Angelia Hall  [halla678@gmail.com](mailto:halla678@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2022 16:10:42 -0500

Please find a Motion to Change Venue attached.
You will need to affix your signature & verify your address is correct,
since we received returned mail. Then mail the document to the Nelson
County Probate Court. We recommend you include a self-addressed stamped
envelope for any return correspondence from the court.

Nelson County District Court
Probate Division
200 Plaza Drive
Bardstown, KY 40004

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Feb 24, 2022 at 3:46 PM Angelia Hall  wrote:

> How do I get the case sent to a court here in AZ?
>
> On Thu, Feb 24, 2022, 1:44 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good afternoon Angelia,
>>      Unfortunately, we received the Proceed Packet returned by USPS
>> advising that your address was undeliverable and they were unable to
>> forward. However, I reached out to a local US Bank to see if they could
>> approve us making the deposit on your behalf, and they were more than happy
>> to help.
>>       I have taken the proceed check and deposited it in the blocked
>> account you set up & provided. Under the Limited Power of Attorney you
>> provided to our office, I was able to sign the Deposit Verification
>> electronically on your behalf and filed the deposit verification and
>> receipt with the Nelson County Probate Court.
>>        At this time, our promise and obligations under the Personal
>> Injury Agreement have been fulfilled and we will file a motion to be
>> withdrawn from the Probate Case. Our withdrawal from the case will allow
>> you to motion the court on your own at any time for any funds that Olivia
>> may need access to. If you ever have any questions, please feel free to
>> contact us directly to discuss them in further detail. We hope that you
>> will keep The Whaley Law Firm in mind should any other legal matters arise
>> in the future.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022 at 9:50 AM Angelia Hall  wrote:
>>
>>> Ok thank you
>>>
>>> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022, 7:47 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Thank you for the update.
>>>> Normally, I would think it was odd, but the postal service is not as
>>>> speedy as it used to be. If you have not received it by Wednesday, I will
>>>> get with Aaron and see about tracking the check and possible re-issuance.
>>>> The extension was granted until 03/09/2022, so we should have plenty of
>>>> time.
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Feb 17, 2022 at 5:19 PM Angelia Hall 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Haven't received it yet
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Feb 16, 2022, 9:08 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> It was sent via USPS, have you not recieved it yet?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Feb 16, 2022 at 11:04 AM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Will the paperwork be sent email or regular mail?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Wed, Feb 9, 2022, 10:01 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Angelia,
>>>>>>>>     We have filed a Motion for Extension of Time. You should be
>>>>>>>> receiving a copy along with Olivia's Proceed check and a Deposit
>>>>>>>> Verification Form. Once the extension is granted, I will forward a copy of
>>>>>>>> that as well to you.
>>>>>>>>      Once you receive the packet we sent to you, simply take the
>>>>>>>> check & Deposit Verification Form to the Bank. The Check will be deposited
>>>>>>>> and all we need is for the bank to sign the Verification and send it back
>>>>>>>> to us along with a copy of the deposit receipt.
>>>>>>>>      We can get the claim transferred to your local Probate court
>>>>>>>> once everything is finalized. We will discuss it in more detail once the
>>>>>>>> proof is taken care of.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Wed, Feb 9, 2022 at 11:31 AM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Let me know if everything with the court is okay. Also would I be
>>>>>>>>> able to transfer the case to a court here in AZ so if Olivia needs access
>>>>>>>>> to her funds it's easier for me to do?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 4, 2022, 11:47 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Thank you for the information. I know we had talked and you had
>>>>>>>>>> been ill.
>>>>>>>>>> We will get this taken care of, no worries. Actually, it happens
>>>>>>>>>> quite often that the 1st Proof Deadline is missed.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 4, 2022 at 1:23 PM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Ok, thanks for the update. They wanted to know why I was unable
>>>>>>>>>>> to get an account. Well I went to Bank of America and gave them the
>>>>>>>>>>> documents, it's the same day I called you. They said they would call me
>>>>>>>>>>> back. They never called me back and I ended up ill for 2 weeks then I the
>>>>>>>>>>> hospital for 2 weeks with several issues. I got the letter when I got home.
>>>>>>>>>>> I went back to Bank of America and they were talking scheduling me for 2
>>>>>>>>>>> weeks to do this account. I got really upset and left. So I found a
>>>>>>>>>>> different bank, US Bank, and got in with them the same day, used the same
>>>>>>>>>>> paperwork I gave Bank of America to open the account and they had no
>>>>>>>>>>> problems and got her account set up right away.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Kind Regards
>>>>>>>>>>> Angela Hall
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022, 10:57 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> We will attend and file a motion for an extension, if we are
>>>>>>>>>>>> not able to make the deposit on Monday.
>>>>>>>>>>>> I will keep you posted.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022 at 11:45 AM Angelia Hall <
>>>>>>>>>>>> halla678@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> What about the court date for the 9th of February?
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022, 7:32 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Thank you so much Angela.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> I will get with Aaron and work on getting the deposit made
>>>

## 16:38:33

Send Closing letter.

## 16:38:28

Recvd Order Granting WD as Counsel
Claim completed - Mark for Closing
