---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-23"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-23

**Case:** [[cases/wade-montgomery-mva-1-6-2023/wade-montgomery-mva-1-6-2023|Wade Montgomery MVA 1/6/2023]]

## 23:15:24

__Text Message__
__Message:__  Hi Mr. Wade, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, if you know the report number and name of the police department. We would also need a list of medical providers you visited or actively seeing for treatment. And can you also send us a copy of your health insurance card, a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply/send here all the information. Thank you.
__Date and Time:__ 2023-10-23 
__From Number:__ +15024509495 
__To Number:__ +15025031789
__Direction:__ Outbound

## 23:15:23

__Text Message__
__Message:__  Hi Mr. Wade, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, if you know the report number and name of the police department. We would also need a list of medical providers you visited or actively seeing for treatment. And can you also send us a copy of your health insurance card, a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply/send here all the information. Thank you.
__Date and Time:__ 2023-10-23 
__From Number:__ +15024509495 
__To Number:__ +18599533866
__Direction:__ Outbound

## 12:19:32

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called the client to obtain information, he stated that no police came on the day of the accident, they just exchanged information with the other party. He stated we can try locating a police report at Scott County in Georgetown KY. He will also try and find some paperwork he has if he can obtain information that can help in locating police reports. He will also just send the list of medical providers he visited for treatment; he will just find all the papers to make sure he provides all the information. Sent client a text message and email for him to reply/send all the information. 

Also tried calling the Scott County Sheriff’s Office for assistance in locating the police report, spoke with a representative and a staff from dispatch, both reps stated that they did not find any report with the name and date of loss provided. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: October 23 2023

## 12:19:11

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 12:09:17

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [wademontgomery7@gmail.com](mailto:wademontgomery7@gmail.com)
Date: Mon, 23 Oct 2023 12:09:09 -0400

Hi Mr. Wade,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report
information, if you know the report number and name of the police
department. We would also need a list of medical providers you visited or
actively seeing for treatment. And can you also send us a copy of your
health insurance card, a photo of the front and back of your health
insurance card. You can reply/send here all the information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:50:32

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-10-23 15:39:19.759000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5025031789 

Caller ID: 502-503-1789 

Caller Name: Wade Montgomery 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/18373791

## 10:34:03

saved client DL # to file. Need SSN. Wasnt able to locate PR
