---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-01"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-01

**Case:** [[cases/jamesha-parker-mva-7-20-2023/jamesha-parker-mva-7-20-2023|Jamesha Parker MVA 7/20/2023]]

## 08:12:37

__Fwd: 17-53Q1-22S__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JameshaParkerZ3849188@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JameshaParkerZ3849188@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [DanninTurnerZ3849215@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DanninTurnerZ3849215@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 08:10:57 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
Date: Tue, Aug 1, 2023 at 8:10?AM
Subject: Re: 17-53Q1-22S
To: AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com 


Hi Ms. Anne,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We received the acknowledgement
letter and the PIP documents. I just want to inform you as well that both
Dannin Turner and Jamesha Parker are our clients. Dannin Turner was the
driver and Jamesha Parker was the passenger at the date of loss, July 20,
2023. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Mon, Jul 31, 2023 at 9:53?AM AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com <
automedicalclaims@statefarm.com> wrote:

> statefarm.com?
> 
> ------------------------------
>
>
>
>
>
> Please open the attachment(s) for more claim information or next steps.
>
> For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information
> such as Social Security Number, credit/debit card number (financial account
> number), driver?s license number, or health/medical information in an
> email. If you must send this type of information to State Farm, please
> contact your claim associate to request a secure email channel.
>
>
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> Don't miss a call about your Auto claim from State Farm?!
> Text AUTO to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
>  it from your mobile device.
>
>
>
> Don't miss a call about your Homeowners claim from State Farm?!
>
> Text HOME to 62789 for your claim contact card or download
>  it from your mobile device.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Be rewarded with Drive Safe and Save? Discounts! To learn more about Drive
> Safe and Save?, contact a State Farm? agent or visit *sf.com/drivesafeandsave
> *.
>
>
>
> Thank you!
>
> *______________________*
>
> *AnneMarie Gibson*
>
> PIP/MPC Claim Associate
>
> W: 844-292-8615 Ext: 506
>
> Team Office Hours: Monday ? Friday 8:00am - 5:00pm
>
>
>
>
>
