---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-13

**Case:** [[cases/jennifer-williams-mva-2-5-2023/jennifer-williams-mva-2-5-2023|Jennifer Williams MVA 2/5/2023]]

## 14:42:49

__Fwd: FW: Fw: [Internet] Request ID 160168772 - Jennifer Williams__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JenniferWilliamsZ3265848@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JenniferWilliamsZ3265848@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 13 Sep 2023 14:42:31 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: 
Date: Wed, Sep 13, 2023 at 1:02?PM
Subject: FW: Fw: [Internet] Request ID 160168772 - Jennifer Williams
To: 


Good Afternoon Jessica,

RE:

*429332535*We do apologize all items were not released as you have
initially requested. I've submitted a rescan for the missing bills. Please
allow 7 to 10 days for the completion.

Thanks
Jasmine S
------------------------------
From: smartrequest@cioxhealth.com
Sent: Tue Sep 12 2023 12:24:46 GMT-0500 (Central Daylight Time)
To: essica@whaleylawfirm.com
CC: srescalationsemail@mail.nice-incontact.com
Subject: Fw: [Internet] Request ID 160168772 - Jennifer Williams
Good Afternoon Jessica,

Please be advised your request will be forwarded to our customer service
department for further investigation.

 @Collections Please see the request below and respond to the customer
directly with all the required information.

If you have any further questions, please email collections@cioxhealth.com

or call 800-367-1500 option 8

Thank you,

S.TA
















*Ciox Health  *

*Smart Request Department  *

*Empowering Greater Health*

*Smartrequest.com ? **1-800-367-1500 option 5 ? Smartrequest@cioxhealth.com
 *



*How are we doing? Please take a few moments to complete a quick survey on
your experience. *

*(Click Here) *




------------------------------
*From:* jessica@whaleylawfirm.com 
*Sent:* Monday, September 11, 2023 6:32 PM
*To:* Smart Request 
*Cc:* JenniferWilliamsZ3265848@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com <
JenniferWilliamsZ3265848@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com>
*Subject:* [Internet] Request ID 160168772 - Jennifer Williams


*[INTERNET]* This email originated from outside of the organization. Do not
click links or open attachments unless you recognize the sender and know
the content is safe.

We received medical records but the bills are missing.  We also need the
bills.



Thank you!



The Whaley Law Firm
This message is for the designated recipient(s) only. It may contain
privileged, confidential, proprietary, or otherwise private information
that is legally protected. If you have received it in error, please notify
the sender immediately and delete the original. You are prohibited from
using or distributing this email without permission. Thank you.
