---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-14

**Case:** [[cases/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022/beng-sweet-mva-8-28-2022|Beng Sweet MVA 8/28/2022]]

## 16:37:48

Beng, It's the Whaley Law Firm. Please send us a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card.

## 17:17:12

@jbottorff

## 16:35:42

__RE: AU172270__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com](mailto:Sean.McDermott@tmamerica.com) 'McDermott, Sean'
Date: Tue, 14 Feb 2023 15:35:33 -0500

Thanks for sending this. Are you handling the UM claim?

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: McDermott, Sean  
Sent: Wednesday, February 8, 2023 3:35 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: RE: AU172270

 

Hi Justin,

 

Here is everything I have in my file I have received. There will be a second
email with one more document I could not attach, as the total file size was
too large for our servers. 

 

Thanks,

 

 

 

Sean McDermott 

California Department of Ins. License number 2M28337
Claims Specialist II 
Automotive Risk Management Services (ARMS)

Tokio Marine America
A Member of the Tokio Marine Group

PO Box 483

Jersey City, NJ 07303
Direct Dial: 972.532.5608  |  Fax: 972.692.8734 
  http://www.TMAmerica.com/

 

_X_Tokio Marine America Insurance Company/ __Trans Pacific Insurance
Company/__TNUS Insurance Company/__TM Specialty Insurance Company

 

 

 

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
 > 
Sent: Wednesday, February 8, 2023 11:44 AM
To: McDermott, Sean  >
Subject: AU172270

 

CAUTION: Be mindful prior to opening non-TMNA attachments and/or links.

 

Good afternoon

 

Please forward copies of any records/billing received to date for our
client, Beng Sweet.

 

Thanks,

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

This e-mail is intended solely for the individual to whom it is addressed.
The information contained in this transmission contains confidential and/or
proprietary information or is otherwise privileged. If the reader of this
message is not the intended recipient, please be advised that any
dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmission is strictly
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify us
immediately by returning it to the sender and deleting this copy from your
system. Thank you for your cooperation.
