---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-08"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-08

**Case:** [[cases/vetta-bonner-mva-5-3-2023/vetta-bonner-mva-5-3-2023|Vetta Bonner MVA 5/3/2023]]

## 15:34:56

__Re: [EXTERNAL] 23-8085399__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Jeffrey_T_Maynard@progressive.com](mailto:Jeffrey_T_Maynard@progressive.com) Jeffrey T Maynard
Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2023 15:33:54 -0400

Hi Mr. Jeffrey,

Here is the Police Report.
In regards to the answer to the following questions you have relating to
injuries, treatment and lost wages of our client, Vetta Bonner, I'll get
back to you and confirm first with Ms. Bonner to make sure and provide you
accurate information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Thu, Jun 8, 2023 at 3:20?PM Jeffrey T Maynard <
Jeffrey_T_Maynard@progressive.com> wrote:

> This email was sent to you  on 05.25.2023 @ 2:52 pm
>
>
>
> I will be handling the PIP portion of this claim. Could you please email
> me the police report if you have it. Also, if you could answer the
> following questions relating to injuries, treatment and lost wages if
> applicable.
>
>
>
> What is Vetta Bonner's date of birth?
>
>
>
> What is her physical mailing address?
>
>
>
> What are her injuries?
>
>
>
> Was she the driver or a passenger in this accident?
>
>
>
> Does she have any prior injuries or medical conditions that would have any
> bearing on this claim?
>
>
>
> Is she claiming lost wages?
>
> Employer?
>
> Dates Missed?
>
> Hours Worked per Week?
>
> Hourly Rate?
>
>
>
>
>
> Did she go to the emergency room? If yes, which hospital and was there an
> ambulance involved?
>
>
>
> Where is she treating?
>
>
>
> Was she working at the time this accident occurred?
>
>
>
> Does she receive Medicare benefits?
>
>
>
> Does she receive Medicaid benefits?
>
>
>
> Please provide a copy of the drivers' license or State issued photo ID
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Thursday, June 08, 2023 2:53 PM
> *To:* Jeffrey T Maynard 
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 23-8085399
>
>
>
> Hi Mr. Jeffrey,
>
>
>
> This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to ask, what
> information do you need from us to begin paying the PIP benefits for our
> client Vetta Bonner. Thank you.
>
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>

## 14:55:51

__New Insurance Note:__  left vm and sent an email.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 14:54:22

__23-8085399__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Jeffrey_t_maynard@progressive.com](mailto:Jeffrey_t_maynard@progressive.com)
Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2023 14:53:22 -0400

Hi Mr. Jeffrey,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to ask, what
information do you need from us to begin paying the PIP benefits for our
client Vetta Bonner. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 14:52:07

__Re: Vetta Bonner__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2023 14:51:06 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

This is noted. Attempted to contact the adjuster for Progressive, but no
answer. Tried calling again, still no answer, left a message on the vm.
Sent as well an email. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com


On Thu, Jun 8, 2023 at 1:21?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
> Coleen, reach out to Progressive and see what they need from us to begin
> paying PIP benefits. Thanks.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Starisha Curry 
> Date: Thu, Jun 8, 2023 at 12:53?PM
> Subject: Re: Vetta Bonner
> To: Aaron Whaley 
> Cc: Justin Chumbley 
>
>
> Any update on this?  They still saying no direction
>
> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:30?PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Ok, we will check on it. We sent our LOR to them on 5/25 and received
>> acknowledgement on 5/30. The acknowledgement did not ask for anything.  We
>> will follow up.
>>
>> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:24?PM Starisha Curry <
>> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Yes I have and when I called to verify receipt of claims I was advised
>>> payment is being held due to needing something from attorney. Normal
>>> adjuster would say what?s needed like a PIP release however this adjuster
>>> did not and directed me to you.
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:05 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Have you billed Progressive? They will be primary. Claim number is
>>>> #23-8085399
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 4:08?PM Starisha Curry <
>>>> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Good afternoon!!
>>>>>
>>>>> Any update on this client?
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, May 31, 2023 at 12:36?PM Starisha Curry <
>>>>> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Good afternoon!!  Can PIP be released on her. No payment
>>>>>> ever recieved.
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Thanks Ahead,
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Starisha Curry
>>>>>> *Director Of Operations*
>>>>>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>>>>>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>>>>>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> --
>>>>> Starisha Curry
>>>>> *Director Of Operations*
>>>>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>>>>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>>>>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>> --
>>> Starisha Curry
>>> *Director Of Operations*
>>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>
>
> --
> Starisha Curry
> *Director Of Operations*
> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
> Phone: 502-601-1245
> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 13:21:41

__Fwd: Vetta Bonner__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [VettaBonnerMVAZ3766359@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:VettaBonnerMVAZ3766359@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 8 Jun 2023 13:21:23 -0400

Coleen, reach out to Progressive and see what they need from us to begin
paying PIP benefits. Thanks.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Starisha Curry 
Date: Thu, Jun 8, 2023 at 12:53?PM
Subject: Re: Vetta Bonner
To: Aaron Whaley 
Cc: Justin Chumbley 


Any update on this?  They still saying no direction

On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:30?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Ok, we will check on it. We sent our LOR to them on 5/25 and received
> acknowledgement on 5/30. The acknowledgement did not ask for anything.  We
> will follow up.
>
> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:24?PM Starisha Curry <
> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Yes I have and when I called to verify receipt of claims I was advised
>> payment is being held due to needing something from attorney. Normal
>> adjuster would say what?s needed like a PIP release however this adjuster
>> did not and directed me to you.
>>
>> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 5:05 PM Aaron Whaley 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Have you billed Progressive? They will be primary. Claim number is
>>> #23-8085399
>>>
>>> On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 4:08?PM Starisha Curry <
>>> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good afternoon!!
>>>>
>>>> Any update on this client?
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, May 31, 2023 at 12:36?PM Starisha Curry <
>>>> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Good afternoon!!  Can PIP be released on her. No payment ever recieved.
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Thanks Ahead,
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> Starisha Curry
>>>>> *Director Of Operations*
>>>>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>>>>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>>>>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Starisha Curry
>>>> *Director Of Operations*
>>>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>>>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>>>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> Aaron Whaley
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> 502-583-4022
>>>
>>> --
>> Starisha Curry
>> *Director Of Operations*
>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Starisha Curry
*Director Of Operations*
Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
Phone: 502-601-1245
Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
