---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-20

**Case:** [[cases/casey-carroll-mva-12-16-2021/casey-carroll-mva-12-16-2021|Casey Carroll MVA 12/16/2021]]

## 12:56:38

__2200027389__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Noah.Seitz@infarmbureau.com](mailto:Noah.Seitz@infarmbureau.com) 'Seitz, Noah'
Date: Wed, 20 Apr 2022 12:56:24 -0400

Noah,

 

I've attached the policy limits offer from USAA along with our Coots and
demand package for Mr. Carroll. Once DEC page is received from USAA, I'll
forward that as well. 

 

Thanks,

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

## 10:52:35

__FW: Claim Message From USAA__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Wed, 20 Apr 2022 10:52:28 -0400

See below. Awaiting DEC page etc now for Coots. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: USAA Claims <4k9bzx32vg3k@claims.usaa.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, April 20, 2022 10:27 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim Message From USAA

 


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add   4k9bzx32vg3k@claims.usaa.com to your address book. 

 

		

   

  



   

   


   

   

	
   


USAA SECURITY ZONE 
Aaron 
Whaley 
USAA # ending in:7066


   


   


   

		
		

  Claim Message

	
		

Dear Aaron Whaley,

 

This correspondence is regarding the following USAA claim:

 


USAA policyholder: 

Kimberly D Sibbie


Claim number: 

020008447-003

 

We are now in a position to resolve your client Casey Carrolls claim for our policy limits of $25,000. Please review with your client and let us know if she is agreeable. We will also need something from Indiana Farm Bureau indicating that thttp://content.usaa.com/mcontent/static_assets/om/Media/thumbnails/email_sec_6-1.gifovide documentation, you can attach documents to your email. We can't guarantee the security of any medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by email.

 


Email Delivery Criteria 


To ensure delivery of your email, please make sure it meets the following criteria: 

 

*         The size of the message can't exceed 30 MB.

*         These attachments are supported: .bmp, .jpe, .jpeg, .jpg, .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls and .xlsx.

*         Individual attachments must not exceed 7 MB.

*         Include no more than 10 attachments.

*         Attachments can't be password-protected.

 

Sincerely,

 

   

Loren A Kistner

Central Region

USAA Casualty Insurance Company

 

[08404:072:25]


a

		
	
		
	
 	

   

	Go Paperless
Review and edit your online document preferences at usaa.com  . 

 



  

  

                 

		
		


     Privacy Promise

   USAA Casualty Insurance Company, 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288

    

  

	  


  

	   128362-0121
