---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-25

**Case:** [[cases/casey-carroll-mva-12-16-2021/casey-carroll-mva-12-16-2021|Casey Carroll MVA 12/16/2021]]

## 18:48:01

__FW: Claim Message From USAA__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Wed, 25 May 2022 18:47:34 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: USAA Claims <4k9bzx32vg3k@claims.usaa.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, May 25, 2022 4:54 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim Message From USAA

 


To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add   4k9bzx32vg3k@claims.usaa.com to your address book. 

 

		

   

  



   

   


   

   

	
   


USAA SECURITY ZONE 
Aaron 
Whaley 
USAA # ending in:7066


   


   


   

		
		

  Claim Message

	
		

Dear Aaron Whaley,

 

This correspondence is regarding the following USAA claim:

 


USAA policyholder: 

Kimberly D Sibbie


Claim number: 

020008447-003

 

I am writing about the Casey Carroll case. I spoke with the attorney yesterday and they were going to send me the subrogation waiver and a letter stating they will handle all liens and subrogation. I still have not received it. Can you please send over? 

 

You may reply to this message. If you need to provide documentation, you can attach documents to your email. We can't guarantee the security of any medical, financial or other personally identifiable information sent by email.

 


Email Delivery Criteria 


To ensure delivery of your email, please make sure it meets the following criteria: 

 

*         The size of the message can't exceed 30 MB.

*         These attachments are supported: .bmp, .jpe, .jpeg, .jpg, .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls and .xlsx.

*         Individual attachments must not exceed 7 MB.

*         Include no more than 10 attachments.

*         Attachments can't be password-protected.

 

Sincerely,

 

   

Loren A Kistner

Central Region

USAA Casualty Insurance Company

 

[08404:072:25]


a

		
	
		
	
 	

   

	Go Digital
Review and edit your online document preferences at usaa.com  . 

 



  

  

                 

		
		


     Privacy Promise

   USAA Casualty Insurance Company, 9800 Fredericksburg Road, San Antonio, Texas 78288

    

  

	  


  

	   128362-0121

## 10:56:05

__Casey Carroll Release__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [laundon.goldsby@infarmbureau.com](mailto:laundon.goldsby@infarmbureau.com) Goldsby, Laundon
Cc: [CaseyCarrollMVAZ995825@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CaseyCarrollMVAZ995825@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 25 May 2022 10:55:44 -0400

Here you go, thanks


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
