---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-28

**Case:** [[cases/cornelius-woods-mva-03-05-2022/cornelius-woods-mva-03-05-2022|Cornelius Woods MVA 03/05/2022]]

## 13:27:11

saved UM release to file

## 13:19:59

__FW: GEICO Communication ID: -  Do Not Modify__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Tue, 28 Jun 2022 13:19:52 -0400

Settled at 5k. Geico will issue check once hold harmless received due to child support lien

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)357-9939

 

From: myclaim@geicomail.com  
Sent: Tuesday, June 28, 2022 1:19 PM
To: JUSTIN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM
Subject: GEICO Communication ID: - Do Not Modify

 




 


                

        

                


 



GEICO Indemnity Company

Your Claim Number: 8712524360000003


 

 

 

 




IMPORTANT Claim Information




**Responses to this email will be sent to the adjuster handling your underinsured/uninsured motorist claim.

 




Hello ,




This email is in regards to YOUR CLIENT: CORNELIUS WOOD.

 




Please do not change the subject line when replying to this message. It is not the email address that routes your response back to me, but this specific subject line. If the subject line is altered in any way, I will not receive your reply.

 

Documents may also be faxed to 202-354-4691, or mailed to One GEICO Center, Macon, GA 31295. Please make sure that all correspondence is made attention to the claim number to ensure timely processing.

 

Please note that we do not recommend sending sensitive information via a response to this email, as we cannot guarantee a secure connection on both ends of the email transfer. We strongly recommend using the GEICO app, GEICO.com, fax, or mail to send sensitive information, as these methods are more secure. 

 

You may also contact me directly by phone at 478-722-2977. My hours are noted below.




If you need to contact me or have any questions, please respond to this email. You can also attach and send me any documents regarding your claim. My normal business hours are Monday-Friday 8:15 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. ET. You may also view your claim at geico.com or the GEICO Mobile App. 

 




Sincerely,

Jessi Clark




Please Note: When replying to this email, please do not change the subject line. This specific subject is needed to make sure I receive your message.

 





 

THIS MESSAGE IS INTENDED ONLY FOR THE USE OF THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO WHOM IT IS ADDRESSED, OR FOR WHOM IT IS INTENDED, AND MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION THAT IS PRIVILEGED, CONFIDENTIAL, AND EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. IF THE READER OF THIS MESSAGE IS NOT THE INTENDED RECIPIENT, YOU ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT ANY DISSEMINATION, DISTRIBUTION, OR COPYING OF THIS COMMUNICATION IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED. IF YOU HAVE RECEIVED THIS MESSAGE IN ERROR, PLEASE NOTIFY THE SENDER IMMEDIATELY AND PERMANENTLY DELETE AND/OR DESTROY THE ORIGINAL AND ANY COPIES/PRINTOUTS OF THIS MESSAGE. IF YOUR RESPONSE TO THIS MESSAGE EXCEEDS 50 MB, YOUR REPLY WILL NOT BE DELIVERABLE.  






  

 




	
  

  

  

  




 


GEICO Indemnity Company

One GEICO Plaza, Washington, D.C. 20076

 

====================
This email/fax message is for the sole use of the intended
recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information.
Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution of this
email/fax is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
destroy all paper and electronic copies of the original message.

## 13:19:36

Settled at 5k. Geico will issue check once hold harmless received due to child support lien

## 13:17:57

__FW: Claim Documents (8712524360000003)__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CorneliusWoodsZ1398365@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CorneliusWoodsZ1398365@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 28 Jun 2022 13:17:49 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)357-9939

 

From: do_not_reply@geico.com  
Sent: Tuesday, June 28, 2022 1:17 PM
To: JUSTIN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM
Subject: Claim Documents (8712524360000003)

 

GEICO Claim Correspondence

Attached is correspondence regarding your claim 8712524360000003.



If you would like to respond to this email, please select the "View Your
Claim" button to access the claim on geico.com and send a message to your
claims team or adjuster. 

  



If you are unable to open the attachment please go to this site and download
the free Adobe Acrobat Reader, http://get.adobe.com/reader/

Thank you,
GEICO Claims Team

   


   Do Not Reply
To This Email 

   

Information emailed in response to this message will not become part of your
claim file; submit your inquiries to contact us on geico.com. 

Government Employees Insurance Company | GEICO General Insurance Company |
GEICO Indemnity Company | GEICO Casualty Company | GEICO Advantage Insurance
Company | GEICO Choice Insurance Company |GEICO Secure Insurance Company |
GEICO County Mutual Insurance Company | Colonial County Mutual Insurance
Company | GEICO Marine Insurance Company | One GEICO Plaza, Washington, D.C.
20076

## 12:38:41

Fax to Sonja Thompson (478) 238-9189 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 11:55:51

left vm for adj

## 09:27:37

Spoke with client about offer. have authority to negotiate to LBF
