---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-02"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-02

**Case:** [[cases/angela-smith-bingham-mva-08-10-2021/angela-smith-bingham-mva-08-10-2021|Angela Smith-Bingham MVA 08/10/2021]]

## 13:29:58

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/10 send demand via fax 877-795-9975 Reference claim number. They will assign someone to handle.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Travelers Insurance
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 13:29:55

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 000
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Travelers Insurance
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 13:28:39

__Angela Smith Bingham #FRW5595__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jebaker@travelers.com](mailto:jebaker@travelers.com)
Cc: [AngelaSmithBinghamMVAZ954578@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AngelaSmithBinghamMVAZ954578@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Angela Smith-Bingham MVA 8/10/21
Date: Wed, 2 Aug 2023 13:28:23 -0400

Juanita, I reviewed the email you sent to my employee Justin Chumbley. It
is copied below. I want to be clear that you understand that the reductions
you are taking on the claim for my client will not be applied in
litigation. You very clearly make the distinction that this is a
"pre-litigation" offer. That is a clear violation of the Kentucky Unfair
Claims Settlement Practices Act. I have attached it to this email. You
asked for a reply to your offer. My clients medical bills are $20,958.79.
That means her out of pocket medical bills are $10,958.79.  With your pain
and suffering evaluation your initial offer should be $23,921.79. My client
suffered a concussion and continues to suffer from memory loss and
headaches. This is not a short term problem for my client. This is a
permanent problem. In light of that my client has authorized me to make a
counter offer of $75,000.

I will be filing a complaint in Circuit Court to preserve the Statute of
LImitations in 2 days. I will be including a claim for bad faith unless you
revise your assessment of medical bills.

Your words "I understand, from your point of view that the reductions
do get thrown out in litigation but at this time, this is a pre-litigation
offer I am making."

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:15:07

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-08-02 17:01:51.879000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 3177402729 

Caller ID: 317-740-2729 

Caller Name: Juanita Baker 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16312575
