---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-21

**Case:** [[cases/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022|Robert Fargher WC 07/13/2022]]

## 11:10:53

__RE: Robert Fargher v. From The Ground Up Construction (DWC 2022-69685)__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [don@waltonniehauslaw.com](mailto:don@waltonniehauslaw.com) Don Walton
Cc: [RobertFargherWCZ1952391@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:RobertFargherWCZ1952391@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 11:10:27 -0400

Good morning Don, 

 

 

Attached hereto you will find a number of medical expenses which were billed directly to my client. In an effort to reach an amicable resolution, we are willing to decrease our demand to $25,000.00 to include the $10,000 you previously offered and the approximate amount of these outstanding medical expenses. 

 

 

Thank you, 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it. 

 

 

From: Don WaltonSent: Monday, June 19, 2023 1:24 PMTo: Bryce KoonCc: RobertFargherWCZ1952391@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.comSubject: RE: Robert Fargher v. From The Ground Up Construction (DWC 2022-69685)

 

Hi Bryce. As you know, my client denies that Mr. Fargher was bit by a spider and feels that any nexus to his work is far too speculative. But because they recognize there is some risk they are willing to offer Mr. Fargher $10,000 lump sum for full and final settlement. 

 

Hoping for the best. Let me know.

 

Don 

 

From: Don Walton Sent: Tuesday, June 13, 2023 12:41 PMTo: Bryce Koon Cc: RobertFargherWCZ1952391@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.comSubject: RE: Robert Fargher v. From The Ground Up Construction (DWC 2022-69685)

 

Bryce, this is an easy demand to reject. This is a denied claim, and you are asking for your client?s best-case scenario. 

 

I will discuss with my client if they are interested in a compromise and making a counteroffer. Will get back in touch, though it will be later in the week.

 

Don 

From: Bryce Koon  Sent: Tuesday, June 13, 2023 11:25 AMTo: Don Walton Cc: RobertFargherWCZ1952391@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.comSubject: Robert Fargher v. From The Ground Up Construction (DWC 2022-69685)

 

Good morning Don, 

 

 

In an effort to resolve this claim ahead of next week?s hearing, our settlement demand is as follows:

 

 

PPD benefits in accordance with the statutory calculations; based on an Average Weekly Wage of $628.46, a 7% functional impairment rating as provided by both Dr. Snider and Dr. Fadel, and a 2 multiplier, the lump sum value of Mr. Fargher?s PPD claim is $19,357.16. A printout of this calculation is attached hereto. I have included the ?2? multiplier given the uncertainty of Mr. Fargher?s situation and the real potential that he will have significant periods of unemployment or lesser employment due to his permanent impairment.  

Payment of any and all outstanding related medical expenses. 

Back-due TTD benefits in the amount of $3,108.76, for the period of July 13, 2022 to September 3, 2022, wherein Mr. Fargher was not at MMI and was unable to return to work due to his injury.  

418.97 (TTD Rate) x 7 weeks x 6% interest = $3,108.76

 

$10,000.00 for all additional waivers of Mr. Fargher?s rights to vocational rehabilitation and his right to reopen this claim, etc. (other than past medical expenses).  

 

 

Thank you for your consideration in this regard and I hope to hear from you soon. 

 

 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it.

## 09:49:44

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Formal Hearing Zoom Login - Emailed to Client - Called Client to advise as well - Client stated he discussed coming into the office since he no longer has a laptop - Advised him to arrive around 10:30a to allow time for him & Assoc Koon to review any questions he may have. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: June 21 2023

## 09:49:37

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:46:17

__New event: Hearing - Robert Fargher v From the Ground Up Constructio... @ Fri Jun 23, 2023 11am - 12pm (EDT) (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)__
From: "Tigue, Kari D (ELC) (Google Calendar)"  [calendar-notification@google.com](mailto:calendar-notification@google.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 20 Jun 2023 19:53:03 +0000

Hearing - Robert Fargher v From the Ground Up Construction - 2022-69685
Friday Jun 23, 2023 · 11am – 12pm
Eastern Time - New York

Location
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/8383158748	
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fus06web.zoom.us%2Fj%2F8383158748&sa=D&ust=1687722780000000&usg=AOvVaw1vNoeT92T1WDJskcXWpQ02



SAMUEL BACH is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android:  
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/8383158748

Or Telephone:
     Dial:
     USA 713 353 0212
     USA 8888227517 (US Toll Free)
     Conference code: 362882

Find local AT&T Numbers:  
https://www.teleconference.att.com/servlet/glbAccess?process=1&accessNumber=8888227517&accessCode=362882




Organizer
Tigue, Kari D (ELC)
kari.tigue@ky.gov

Guests
agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - creator
Taylor Court Reporters
don@waltonniehauslaw.com
Bach, Samuel J (ELC)
View all guest info  
https://calendar.google.com/calendar/r?eid=XzY4bzM0Y3BnNm9vajhsMWg2a3AzMGNwbGI4bWpnY3BvNmNvamFlMW42Z3M0MHBqNTcwbzNrYzFxNjB0MzBlaGg2MWozNGVqMjZ0ajZjZWo2Y2tzamdlajRjNHIzaXBiZWVjcWcgYWd3aGFsZXlAd2hhbGV5bGF3ZmlybS5jb20&es=1

~~//~~
Invitation from Google Calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/

You are receiving this email because you are an attendee on the event. To  
stop receiving future updates for this event, decline this event.

Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to send a response to  
the organizer, be added to the guest list, invite others regardless of  
their own invitation status, or modify your RSVP.

Learn more https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding

## 09:46:00

__Your Workers Compensation Hearing - June 23, 2023 11am__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: rfargherjr@gmail.com 
CC: Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 09:43:47 -0400

Good morning Robert,
     The Administrative Law Judge in your workers' compensation claim, for
your injuries sustained on 07/13/2023, has scheduled a formal hearing via
Zoom/Telephonic Conference. Please be sure to use the link below to login
approximately 10-15 minutes prior to the start time to ensure access prior
to the hearing. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us
to discuss them in further detail.

KY DWC ALJ SAMUEL BACH is inviting you to a scheduled Zoom meeting.

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android:
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/8383158748


Or Telephone:
Dial:
USA 713 353 0212
USA 8888227517 (US Toll Free)
Conference code: 362882
Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
