---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-02"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-02

**Case:** [[cases/chassidy-midkiff-mva-5-31-2023/chassidy-midkiff-mva-5-31-2023|Chassidy Midkiff MVA 5/31/2023]]

## 09:28:27

__Fwd: Claim#:053922277-01__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Thu, 2 Nov 2023 09:20:09 -0400

Hi Atty. Whaley,

Let me know how you would like to direct payment for Chassidy Midkiff.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Zbikowski, Kimberly 
Date: Wed, Nov 1, 2023 at 5:01?PM
Subject: RE: Claim#:053922277-01
To: Jessa Galosmo 




Good afternoon Jessa,



Thank you for sending in the wage information for Chassidy Midkiff. Her
$1000 deductible has not yet been met so I am unable to issue any payment
for wages. Please provide me with an updated direction of payment so we can
get that deductible met and address her lost wages. I?ve attached an
updated PIP ledger for your records. Thank you!











Sincerely,

*Kim Zbikowski*




------------------------------

*Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. *


*View claim status *


*Check payment information *



*View your Claims Representative's information *

[image: Login ?] *Login  ?*




[metadata: {Claim-Number : 053922277},{Exposure-Number : 01},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
NFFREEFORM_SF}]


Policy Underwritten by * Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois*

?2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco
Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50
states and the District of Columbia.





Kimberly Zbikowski

USRM Medical Claims
Phone direct number: 856-566-8146

Fax:  888-268-8840

Medical Provider Billing Support

Phone number 888-288-7218

Email: LibertyPCC@mitchell.com

Submit bills to: imaging@libertymutual.com  or P.O. Box 5014 Scranton, PA
18505-5014

Policyholders may receive a survey asking about their claims experience. We
appreciate your feedback. Thank you in advance.

*For the fastest service during normal business hours, ask me how we can
message via 2-way Text!*  Please email me and I will send you a message to
opt in. Please include your claim number and the best number to reach you
via text.



*From:* Jessa Galosmo 
*Sent:* Wednesday, November 1, 2023 1:14 PM
*To:* Zbikowski, Kimberly 
*Subject:* {EXTERNAL} 053922277



Hi,



Please see lost wage documents attached.



-- 

All the best,

Jessa Galosmo

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)357-9975

Fax: (502)364-9363


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
