---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-21

**Case:** [[cases/jamar-williams-mva-07-03-2022/jamar-williams-mva-07-03-2022|Jamar Williams MVA 07/03/2022]]

## 13:23:27

__Automatic reply: Claim: 14-36H666J - Jamar Williams__
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 17:10:20 +0000

Thank you for contacting State Farm Insurance Companies.  We value you as our customer.  A State Farm associate will review your email as soon as possible.
You may find your claim associate’s contact information as well as other claim information and an explanation of the claim process by visiting Online Claim Services on statefarm.com®

For your protection, please do not include sensitive personal information such as social security number, credit/debit card number, or health/medical information.  If you need to send sensitive personal information to State Farm, please let us know and we will send you a secure message.  After you register on the State Farm Secure Messaging System, you can securely reply to us with this information.

Please note the following when responding by email:

Type only the claim number in the Subject: line.
Email size may not exceed 25 MB.
Our system will only accept JPG, Word, PDF, and Excel   attachments with fewer than 999 pages.
Emails should not be labeled as “personal, private or confidential” as this may create delays in handling.
Attachments should not be password protected.
Zip files may be quarantined by Anti-Virus protection, which may result in delays in handling.
Please do not reply to this automated message.
This automated message will not be returned on future emails we receive.

## 13:22:49

__Claim: 14-36H666J - Jamar Williams__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS  [StateFarmClaims@statefarm.com](mailto:StateFarmClaims@statefarm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 13:10:22 -0400

Good afternoon,
   Please forward the attached Letter of Representation to the proper
adjuster.
Theresa (615-692-3607)

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 13:12:17

S/w BI Adj Theresa - She did not receive LOR - Resent w/corrected claim number - She will forward LOR Ack & Reach out to Client in regard to PD #BI #PD

## 12:25:26

__New Fax Message from (470) 607-1520 on 07/21/2022 12:25 PM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 16:25:18 +0000 (UTC)





    




    

    



    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    (470) 607-1520
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Thursday, July 21, 2022 at 12:25 PM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    4
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use 
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:43:19

Recvd email from 1st Health & Wellness in regard to PIP(medpay) - Stated Adj advised there is no PIP - Called Adj McCoun - She confirmed no Medpay, only PD, UM & UIM - Noted Insurance Tab - Advised 1st Health & Wellness (Lien already on file) #PIP #Medpay #Tx

## 12:41:51

Recvd email from Client - He has been contacted by the Def Insurance in regard to his PD - Thanked him for the update and to let us know if there any issues. #cc #PD

## 12:13:07

__Re: Re__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Jamar Williams  [jamar0269@gmail.com](mailto:jamar0269@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 12:12:49 -0400

Thank you for the update.
Victoria had advised you were comfortable going to go through the
Defendant's insurance. If you have any issues, please do not hesitate to
contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Jul 21, 2022 at 11:41 AM Jamar Williams  wrote:

> I talked to the adjuster to get my car fixed. She told me i can go through
> my insurance and pay a deductible or let his insurance pay for it. His
> adjuster name, number and claim
> Name: theresa
> Number: 6156923607
> Claim: 1436h666j.
>
>
> Sent from my iPhone

## 12:12:43

__Re__
From: Jamar Williams  [jamar0269@gmail.com](mailto:jamar0269@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2022 11:41:18 -0400

I talked to the adjuster to get my car fixed. She told me i can go through my insurance and pay a deductible or let his insurance pay for it. His adjuster name, number and claim
Name: theresa 
Number: 6156923607
Claim: 1436h666j.


Sent from my iPhone
