---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-04

**Case:** [[cases/larry-padgett-mva-8-12-2023/larry-padgett-mva-8-12-2023|Larry Padgett MVA 8/12/2023]]

## 14:52:07

__FW: 300-0540536-2023 - Barbara & Larry Padgett__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag'
Date: Wed, 4 Oct 2023 14:51:53 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Weyhing, Rob  
Sent: Wednesday, October 4, 2023 2:50 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Cc: Lexington.Clm 
Subject: 300-0540536-2023 - Barbara & Larry Padgett

 

Justin, 

My name is Rob with auto owners insurance.  I am reaching out in regards to
the claim for  your client Barbara & Larry Padgett.  I am the adjuster that
is handling the property damage for them and I know that we had permission
to speak to them in regards to the property damage.  I spoke to them earlier
today and informed them that the vehicle is determined to be a total loss.
We are needing to have an Electronic power of attorney signed and they
expressed that they do not have access to email.  They asked if I would be
able to send it over to you so that they are able to sign the Electronic
Power of Attorney to get the vehicle out of their name?  If I send that
would you be able to assist them in getting that signed?  The POA will come
from Copart our salvage vendor.  

Also they are needing to mail in their title to us and I have attached the
address that they are needing to send that over to.  I will also need to get
the account number and information for the loan that is on there vehicle.
Barbara wanted me to send this information to you as they were not able to
take the information down and they do not have access to Email.  

 

Loan Information that is needed:  

-Account # :

-Name on the Account:

-Name of the lienholder :

 

POX to have them mail the title to:  

Lexington claims office

po box 910728, Lexington, KY 40591

 

 

Once we get this information and the payoff and the letter of guarantee back
form the lienholder then we will be able to get a payment issued out to them
for the property damage.  

 

Thank you,

 

 




Rob Weyhing
Associate claims representative 2
lexington claims branch 


 

p: 859.278.6181 ext. 59498
f: 517.886.8754
e: Lexington.Clm@aoins.com  


 

hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
