---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-29"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-29

**Case:** [[cases/larry-padgett-mva-8-12-2023/larry-padgett-mva-8-12-2023|Larry Padgett MVA 8/12/2023]]

## 13:57:24

@coleen send CC search request on Unit 1

## 16:30:08

__New Fax Message from JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906 on 08/29/2023 4:29 PM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 20:29:57 +0000 (UTC)





    






    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Tuesday, August 29, 2023 at 4:29 PM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    2
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.,
                        20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 14:46:46

__Fwd: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 5843906 - Sent__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [LarryPadgettMVAZ3884226@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LarryPadgettMVAZ3884226@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 14:44:48 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Aug 29, 2023 at 2:43?PM
Subject: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 5843906 - Sent
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Fax Transmission Result
------------------------------

Here are the results of the 2-page fax you sent from your phone number *(502)
357-9939, Ext. 113*

*Name* *Phone Number* *Date and Time* *Result*
+1 (502) 5843906 Tuesday, August 29, 2023 at 2:43 PM Sent
*Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax
format for transmission:*

*File Name* *Result*
CC Request for info on Unit 1.pdf Success
View this message on your RingCentral app
.


Thank you for using RingCentral!
------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 14:41:11

__Request for Information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [5025843906@rcfax.com](mailto:5025843906@rcfax.com)
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 14:39:14 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 10:34:43

__New Insurance Note:__  and Signed UM Rejection
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 10:34:37

__New Insurance Note:__  and Signed UM Rejection
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 10:15:20

__Re: Progressive Claim #23-6619202__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ERIN_D_GENTNER@progressive.com](mailto:ERIN_D_GENTNER@progressive.com) Erin D Gentner
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 10:11:42 -0400

This is noted. Thank you, Ms. Erin.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Tue, Aug 29, 2023 at 10:00?AM Erin D Gentner <
ERIN_D_GENTNER@progressive.com> wrote:

> Good Morning,
>
>
>
> I will be handling the PIP portion of this claim for Barbara and Larry
> Padgett.  See attached Acknowledgements and PIP docs, Dec Page, and Signed
> UM Rejection.  Please answer the following questions relating to injuries,
> treatment and lost wages if applicable.
>
>
>
> What are Mr. Padgett?s injuries?
>
> Does he have any prior injuries or medical conditions that would have any
> bearing on this claim?
>
> Is he claiming lost wages?
>
> Did he go to the emergency room?  If yes, where and was there an ambulance
> involved?
>
> Where is he treating for follow up care?
>
> Was he working at the time this accident occurred?
>
> Does he receive Medicare benefits?
>
>
>
> What are Ms. Padgett?s injuries?
>
> Does she have any prior injuries or medical conditions that would have any
> bearing on this claim?
>
> Is she claiming lost wages?
>
> Did she go to the emergency room?  If yes, where and was there an
> ambulance involved?
>
> Where is she treating for follow up care?
>
> Was she working at the time this accident occurred?
>
> Does she receive Medicare benefits?
>
> Does she receive Medicaid benefits?
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
>
>
>
> *Erin D Gentner*
>
> *Medical Claims Representative*
>
> *Personal Injury Protection (PIP) Department*
>
> *PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE*
>
> Direct Phone:502-909-3586
>
> Toll Free: 800-937-7614
>
> Fax: 877-213-7258
>
> Email: erin_d_gentner@progressive.com
>
> Mailing Address:
>
> PO BOX 2930
>
> Clinton, IA 52733-2930
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>

## 10:15:19

__Fwd: Progressive Claim #23-6619202__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BarbaraPadgettZ3884221@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BarbaraPadgettZ3884221@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [LarryPadgettMVAZ3884226@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LarryPadgettMVAZ3884226@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 29 Aug 2023 10:11:56 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Erin D Gentner 
Date: Tue, Aug 29, 2023 at 10:00?AM
Subject: Progressive Claim #23-6619202
To: COLEEN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM 


Good Morning,



I will be handling the PIP portion of this claim for Barbara and Larry
Padgett.  See attached Acknowledgements and PIP docs, Dec Page, and Signed
UM Rejection.  Please answer the following questions relating to injuries,
treatment and lost wages if applicable.



What are Mr. Padgett?s injuries?

Does he have any prior injuries or medical conditions that would have any
bearing on this claim?

Is he claiming lost wages?

Did he go to the emergency room?  If yes, where and was there an ambulance
involved?

Where is he treating for follow up care?

Was he working at the time this accident occurred?

Does he receive Medicare benefits?



What are Ms. Padgett?s injuries?

Does she have any prior injuries or medical conditions that would have any
bearing on this claim?

Is she claiming lost wages?

Did she go to the emergency room?  If yes, where and was there an ambulance
involved?

Where is she treating for follow up care?

Was she working at the time this accident occurred?

Does she receive Medicare benefits?

Does she receive Medicaid benefits?



Sincerely,





*Erin D Gentner*

*Medical Claims Representative*

*Personal Injury Protection (PIP) Department*

*PROGRESSIVE INSURANCE*

Direct Phone:502-909-3586

Toll Free: 800-937-7614

Fax: 877-213-7258

Email: erin_d_gentner@progressive.com

Mailing Address:

PO BOX 2930

Clinton, IA 52733-2930
