---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-16

**Case:** [[cases/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020|Charles T. Breckinridge WC 05/17/2020]]

## 14:20:14

A call from Sarena  Tuttle was logged at 2022-08-16 18:17:11.690000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5027143399 

Caller ID: Main:502-714-3399, Main:502-714-3399 

Caller Name: Charles T. Breckinridge Jr 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://app.filevine.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/2305041

## 14:21:26

Recvd 2 VMs from Client today - Attempted to return his calls - Went to VM - LVM advising we are awaiting for DC to make a decision on whether they want to send him to their own expert - Have sent request for update but have not heard back - Will send another request for update #cc

## 14:19:38

__New Text Message from (502) 714-3399 on 08/16/2022 1:33 PM__
From: RingCentral  [service@ringcentral.com](mailto:service@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 16 Aug 2022 17:33:21 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Text Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new text message:
*From:* (502) 714-3399 
*To:* Sarena Tuttle 
*Received:* Tuesday, August 16, 2022 at 1:33 PM 
*Message:* Hey Serena it's Charles Breckinridge, haven't heard from you in 
a while, do you think maybe this case could go to trial, I really wouldn't 
mind, I just don't know how much trial experience this lawfirm has, 
something I should have asked in the beginning I guess, if not how long are 
they allowed to avoid a settlement, doesn't seem fair to have to wait this 
long, this accident should have never happened and I'm sure Osha would 
agree, people have been telling me bigger law firms are better, I don't 
here from anyone and I've already lost a lot, if they make a decent offer 
hell let's settle, I know I'll regret it but hey 
To reply using the RingCentral app, click here 
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 11:18:56

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 714-3399 on 08/15/2022 3:28 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Aug 2022 19:28:57 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 714-3399 
*Received:* Monday, August 15, 2022 at 3:28 PM 
*Length:* 00:41 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, it's chuck. I haven't heard from you in a minute. I was 
wondering you know ain't no way we can move forward with this. I mean how 
long can they you know keep playing these games. I mean, I'm willing to go 
to trial. I don't mind going before. The village to get it any quicker. I 
mean if we can go try I would love to do that you know, I just really could 
use some extra cash right now because I'm like burning up all my money. Hey 
Ted to go back to work. But I think I might have to do but let me know 
about the trial thing. Let me know something give me a call. When you get a 
chance? Alright." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
