---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-24

**Case:** [[cases/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21|Ali Laghmani MVA 1/19/21]]

## 15:11:06

__Re: Your Deposition has been scheduled for April 11, 2022.__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Ali laghmani  [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 24 May 2022 15:09:48 -0400

Good afternoon Ali,
    The Defendant's transcripts were received this morning and are
currently being reviewed. We will be reaching out to the Defense counsel
shortly to find out if they are interested in setting up mediation or if
there will be expert depositions taking place. As soon as I know more, I
will update you as soon as possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, May 24, 2022 at 3:02 PM Ali laghmani 
wrote:

> Hello, have you received the transcripts and have any updates for me?
>
> On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 11:56 PM Ali laghmani 
> wrote:
>
>> Ok, thanks for the update.
>>
>> On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 11:54 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Nothing yet. We are still awaiting the transcripts.
>>> The next thing to take place will be either mediation scheduling and/or
>>> expert depositions.
>>> I will update you as soon as things move forward.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> 
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> 
>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 7:47 AM Ali laghmani 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hello,
>>>> Have you heard anything back from the day of the deposition?
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 2:47 AM Ali laghmani 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I am ready.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 2:46 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Ali, we are ready for you
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Mon, Apr 11, 2022 at 10:14 AM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Thanks, I'll be there.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 12:13 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>   Please find your updated Zoom Link below. Your deposition will
>>>>>>>> take place immediately after the Defendant's. The Defendant's deposition
>>>>>>>> will be viewable through the original Zoom link. Then you will log out and
>>>>>>>> log back in with the Zoom link below:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89258765570?pwd=eVN6dW1NZ0RuejloS0xyVjloU3Ntdz09
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>  Meeting ID: 892 5876 5570
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Passcode: 586225
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Apr 7, 2022 at 9:41 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>>     We hope you are enjoying Australia. Please find the Zoom Login
>>>>>>>>> information below. I have updated your phone number in our system as well.
>>>>>>>>> Please feel free to call my direct line at (502) 365-9435 and I can connect
>>>>>>>>> you with Aaron if you have any questions. Also, he is carbon copied on this
>>>>>>>>> email and will receive a copy of our correspondence, just be sure to click
>>>>>>>>> 'Reply All' when responding. We do ask you to give us a call about 30
>>>>>>>>> minutes prior to the start time in order to go over any questions you may
>>>>>>>>> have. If anything should change we will reach out to you immediately.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>>>> https://us06web.zoom.us/j/83880957553
>>>>>>>>> Meeting ID: 838 8095 7553
>>>>>>>>> Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Apr 6, 2022 at 4:15 PM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Hello Sarena,
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> We spoke on the phone last time and you told me about the court
>>>>>>>>>> deposition. I’m out of states currently. But I can still do the
>>>>>>>>>> deposition because it will be held virtually. I like to give you my
>>>>>>>>>> contact information in Australia, in case you guys were to reach out to me
>>>>>>>>>> +61 484 652 847.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>  I would like to know how I will get into the zoom meeting? Would
>>>>>>>>>> you guys send me a zoom link in which I will log in?
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Also, what’s is the best way to contact you Aaron quicker? Can
>>>>>>>>>> you send his phone number as well?
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Best Regards
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Mar 17, 2022 at 2:29 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>>>>>>>>>>     We have scheduled your deposition with the Defense Counsel
>>>>>>>>>>> for April 11, 2022. We will also be deposing the Defendant Douglas Croll
>>>>>>>>>>> the same day. Mr. Croll's deposition will begin at noon and yours will be
>>>>>>>>>>> immediately after. Please make sure to contact our office at least thirty
>>>>>>>>>>> (30) minutes prior to the scheduled start time so you and Aaron can discuss
>>>>>>>>>>> your testimony and answer any questions you may have.
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>>

## 10:09:18

Recvd Def Croll Depo Transcripts #lit #depotrans

## 10:09:03

__Fwd: Transcript Files | Douglas Croll, Jr.__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 23 May 2022 20:13:02 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Transcript Delivery 
Date: Wed, May 18, 2022 at 2:49 PM
Subject: Transcript Files | Douglas Croll, Jr.
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 


*Please find attached transcript files.  *
*The electronic original transcript file is also attached. *


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can now access your files 24/7 from our NEW online repository at:*
https://kentuckiana.reporterbase.com/contact
*


Username: aaronwhaley

Password: whal123


*REPOSITORY INSTRUCTIONS:*

   1. Log in using your unique username and password.
   2. Click on the REPOSITORY tab at the top of the page.
   3.  On the left side of the screen you will see a blank witness field.
   Type the witness first or last name and click the SEARCH tool or hit
   ENTER.
   4. All related transcript files will then appear on the screen to the
   right.



Thank you!!



*Kentuckiana Court Reporters / Kentucky Court Reporters*

Phone: (502) 589-2273 <(502)-589-2273>

Email: transcript_delivery@kentuckianareporters.com


Address: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202


Address: 175 East Main Street, Suite 105
,
Lexington, KY 40507

[image: facebook] 

[image: facebook] 

Kentuckiana Court Reporters  | Kentucky
Court Reporters  | Online Remote
Deposition Guide  |

? Schedule your next deposition today!


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
