---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-19

**Case:** [[cases/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21|Ali Laghmani MVA 1/19/21]]

## 14:44:10

__RE: Laghmani vs. Croll__
From: Mike Wells [MWells@thattorneys.com](mailto:MWells@thattorneys.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 18:44:00 +0000

Aaron, good afternoon. I received the check a few days ago, and (pardon the cliché) the check is literally in the mail to you, along with the other settlement documents. You should be receiving it soon.

Yours very truly,

Mike Wells
Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
Jefferson Marders Building
11507 Main Street
Middletown Historic District
Louisville, KY 40243
Office:         (502) 245-7474
Fax:              (502) 245-7025
Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
E-Mail: mwells@thattorneys.com
Web: http://www.thslaw.co

 [cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]

Privileged and Confidential
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal, the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your computer.
No Attorney-Client Relationship.
Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney) does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the warning is not applicable.
As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to inform you that since this document does not contain all of such disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document to avoid tax penalties, nor may any portion of this document be referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.

From: Aaron Whaley [mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com]
Sent: Monday, September 19, 2022 2:08 PM
To: Mike Wells 
Cc: AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: Laghmani vs. Croll

Mike, hope this email finds you well. What is the status of the check on this one? We settled this 9/01 and my client is getting antsy.  Appreciate it. Thanks.

--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022





________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials. Click here to report this email as spam.

## 14:09:06

__Re: Your mediation scheduled for Sept 1, 2022 1:30pm__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com) Ali laghmani
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 14:08:48 -0400

No, I haven't received it yet. Usually a few weeks. I emailed the attorney
to see what the status was.

On Mon, Sep 19, 2022 at 2:04 PM Ali laghmani 
wrote:

> Hi, have you received the settlement yet? If not, how long does it usually
> take?
> On Mon, Sep 12, 2022 at 1:07 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> No, not yet.
>>
>> On Mon, Sep 12, 2022 at 12:50 PM Ali laghmani 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Aaron
>>> Have you received the check from the bank yet?
>>>
>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 12:37 PM Ali laghmani 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> (502)936-0401
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 11:30 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Ok. Best number to reach you at?
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 10:33 AM Ali laghmani <
>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi, You can call me anytime today or tomorrow prior to mediation. I’m
>>>>>> back in US now, so there’s nothing to worry about.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 9:59 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Ali, I would like to get on a call with you prior to mediation to
>>>>>>> discuss. When would be a good time for you? I know there is a big time
>>>>>>> difference.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 30, 2022 at 7:06 PM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Confirmed, thank you.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 30, 2022 at 9:36 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>>      Please find the Zoom Link provided by Mediator Thomas Knopf
>>>>>>>>> for your mediation scheduled for this Thursday, Sept 1, 2022 at 1:30pm EST.
>>>>>>>>> If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to
>>>>>>>>> discuss them in further detail.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>>>> https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9650447148
>>>>>>>>> Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
>>>>>>>>> Passcode: 54321
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>> 
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> 
>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> 
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:08:58

__Laghmani vs. Croll__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mwells@thattorneys.com](mailto:mwells@thattorneys.com) Mike Wells
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 14:08:25 -0400

Mike, hope this email finds you well. What is the status of the check on
this one? We settled this 9/01 and my client is getting antsy.  Appreciate
it. Thanks.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:04:54

__Re: Your mediation scheduled for Sept 1, 2022 1:30pm__
From: Ali laghmani [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AliLaghmaniMVAZ954569@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 19 Sep 2022 14:04:39 -0400

Hi, have you received the settlement yet? If not, how long does it usually
take?
On Mon, Sep 12, 2022 at 1:07 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> No, not yet.
>
> On Mon, Sep 12, 2022 at 12:50 PM Ali laghmani 
> wrote:
>
>> Hi Aaron
>> Have you received the check from the bank yet?
>>
>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 12:37 PM Ali laghmani 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> (502)936-0401
>>>
>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 11:30 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Ok. Best number to reach you at?
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 10:33 AM Ali laghmani 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi, You can call me anytime today or tomorrow prior to mediation. I’m
>>>>> back in US now, so there’s nothing to worry about.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 31, 2022 at 9:59 AM Aaron Whaley <
>>>>> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Ali, I would like to get on a call with you prior to mediation to
>>>>>> discuss. When would be a good time for you? I know there is a big time
>>>>>> difference.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 30, 2022 at 7:06 PM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Confirmed, thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Tue, Aug 30, 2022 at 9:36 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>>      Please find the Zoom Link provided by Mediator Thomas Knopf
>>>>>>>> for your mediation scheduled for this Thursday, Sept 1, 2022 at 1:30pm EST.
>>>>>>>> If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to
>>>>>>>> discuss them in further detail.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>>> https://us02web.zoom.us/j/9650447148
>>>>>>>> Meeting ID: 965 044 7148
>>>>>>>> Passcode: 54321
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> 502-583-4022
>
>
