---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-04

**Case:** [[cases/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21/ali-laghmani-mva-1-19-21|Ali Laghmani MVA 1/19/21]]

## 11:22:52

Recvd Client email requesting update - advised awaiting Depo transcripts and we will reach out as soon as the claim moves forward - Advised we will either initiate mediation scheduling and/or move into expert depositions. #cc

## 11:21:30

__Re: Your Deposition has been scheduled for April 11, 2022.__
From: Ali laghmani  [alilaghmani445@gmail.com](mailto:alilaghmani445@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 4 May 2022 23:56:08 +1000

Ok, thanks for the update.

On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 11:54 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Nothing yet. We are still awaiting the transcripts.
> The next thing to take place will be either mediation scheduling and/or
> expert depositions.
> I will update you as soon as things move forward.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, May 4, 2022 at 7:47 AM Ali laghmani 
> wrote:
>
>> Hello,
>> Have you heard anything back from the day of the deposition?
>>
>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 2:47 AM Ali laghmani 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I am ready.
>>>
>>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 2:46 AM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Ali, we are ready for you
>>>>
>>>> On Mon, Apr 11, 2022 at 10:14 AM Ali laghmani 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Thanks, I'll be there.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 12:13 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>   Please find your updated Zoom Link below. Your deposition will take
>>>>>> place immediately after the Defendant's. The Defendant's deposition will be
>>>>>> viewable through the original Zoom link. Then you will log out and log back
>>>>>> in with the Zoom link below:
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> https://us02web.zoom.us/j/89258765570?pwd=eVN6dW1NZ0RuejloS0xyVjloU3Ntdz09
>>>>>> 
>>>>>>
>>>>>>  Meeting ID: 892 5876 5570
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Passcode: 586225
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> 
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Apr 7, 2022 at 9:41 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Good morning Ali,
>>>>>>>     We hope you are enjoying Australia. Please find the Zoom Login
>>>>>>> information below. I have updated your phone number in our system as well.
>>>>>>> Please feel free to call my direct line at (502) 365-9435 and I can connect
>>>>>>> you with Aaron if you have any questions. Also, he is carbon copied on this
>>>>>>> email and will receive a copy of our correspondence, just be sure to click
>>>>>>> 'Reply All' when responding. We do ask you to give us a call about 30
>>>>>>> minutes prior to the start time in order to go over any questions you may
>>>>>>> have. If anything should change we will reach out to you immediately.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Join Zoom Meeting
>>>>>>> https://us06web.zoom.us/j/83880957553
>>>>>>> Meeting ID: 838 8095 7553
>>>>>>> Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Wed, Apr 6, 2022 at 4:15 PM Ali laghmani <
>>>>>>> alilaghmani445@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hello Sarena,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> We spoke on the phone last time and you told me about the court
>>>>>>>> deposition. I’m out of states currently. But I can still do the
>>>>>>>> deposition because it will be held virtually. I like to give you my
>>>>>>>> contact information in Australia, in case you guys were to reach out to me
>>>>>>>> +61 484 652 847.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>  I would like to know how I will get into the zoom meeting? Would
>>>>>>>> you guys send me a zoom link in which I will log in?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Also, what’s is the best way to contact you Aaron quicker? Can you
>>>>>>>> send his phone number as well?
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Best Regards
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Thu, Mar 17, 2022 at 2:29 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Ali,
>>>>>>>>>     We have scheduled your deposition with the Defense Counsel for
>>>>>>>>> April 11, 2022. We will also be deposing the Defendant Douglas Croll the
>>>>>>>>> same day. Mr. Croll's deposition will begin at noon and yours will be
>>>>>>>>> immediately after. Please make sure to contact our office at least thirty
>>>>>>>>> (30) minutes prior to the scheduled start time so you and Aaron can discuss
>>>>>>>>> your testimony and answer any questions you may have.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> 
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>
