---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-12

**Case:** [[cases/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger|Edwinna Eley SF 6/16/2020 (Kroger)]]

## 16:44:02

Recvd email Assoc Franklin settled case - $10,000.00 #Settlement

## 16:43:16

__Eley__
From: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 12 Oct 2022 18:57:28 +0000

Is settled for $10,000.


Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
Franklin Injury Law, PLLC
517 W. Ormsby Ave.
Louisville, KY 40203
P. 502.416.1206
F. 502.638.4581
www.franklininjury.com

Rate me on Google!
https://reviewthis.biz/franklininjurylaw



[signature_1676291463]


This email and any attachments may contain confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individuals addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately.

## 12:51:43

__Re: Eley__
From: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 12 Oct 2022 16:02:31 +0000

Demand PDF signed. Will you please email the PDF to Matthew and cc Aaron and myself?

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.

From: Sarena Tuttle 
Date: Wednesday, October 12, 2022 at 11:11 AM
To: Joel Franklin 
Subject: Re: Eley
Hey Joel,
    So something was nagging at me to re-review the billing & records in her file and I'm kind of glad I did... So the Aptiva Billing & Records are only $250.00, there were 3 dates of services that totaled the $2120... upon review of the records 2 of those DOS are related to her ankle injury w/Macy - All of her Commonwealth Pain records are associated with her Macy injury as well. There is mention of the Kroger incident but the neck/back pain was documented as related to Macy's & not a new injury. There were several Jewish Records but none of them related to the Kroger incident.
    The bottom line is we only have $1,316.00 in verifiably related medicals. I know OC has the Aptiva at $2100 but I don't think we should include the 07/09 & 07/10 visit as the records clearly state those visits are for her Macy Injury.... I have saved my changes to your demand and added the related records & bills to Dropbox. Unfortunately, the demand ends with Dr. Koonce ordered an MRI which was never done. Dr. Koonce's records note a discussion where he refused to provide narcotic medications and Client never returned after that. Commonwealth pain records were all noted as related to Macy's & indicate the same issue that she only wanted narcotics....

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Oct 10, 2022 at 11:45 AM Joel Franklin > wrote:
Sarena,

Have you had time to put the medical bills, provider name, and dates in the demand I started? I’d like to get it out to OC.

Best,

Joel A. Franklin, Esq.
Franklin Injury Law, PLLC
517 W. Ormsby Ave.
Louisville, KY 40203
P. 502.416.1206
F. 502.638.4581
www.franklininjury.com

Rate me on Google!
https://reviewthis.biz/franklininjurylaw



[signature_1210777049]


This email and any attachments may contain confidential information and is intended only for the use of the individuals addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately.

## 12:05:43

I talked to Edwinna and told her we will start out with a $25k demand knowing that gives us room to move and the case might settle between 5-10k given that her medicals are very limited and her causation is simply awful. She was understanding of that too.
