---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-31

**Case:** [[cases/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger|Edwinna Eley SF 6/16/2020 (Kroger)]]

## 13:23:14

Called in again today checking status of Release & Check - Advised Assoc Franklin followed up last week - possibly will come in the mail this week (DC is awaiting payment of cancelled depo invoice - did not relay to Client) #cc

## 13:15:52

__New Voice Message from ELEY EDWINNA (502) 631-7064 on 10/31/2022 12:31 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 31 Oct 2022 16:31:31 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ELEY EDWINNA (502) 631-7064 
*Received:* Monday, October 31, 2022 at 12:31 PM 
*Length:* 00:12 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, miss Serena. This is Ms. Hayley can you give me a call back please. I 
have a reporting question to ask you thank you have a blessed day." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
