---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-14"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-14

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-daniels-mva-3-25-2023/kenneth-daniels-mva-3-25-2023|Kenneth Daniels MVA 3/25/2023]]

## 09:11:02

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kennethdaniels1026@gmail.com](mailto:kennethdaniels1026@gmail.com) Kenneth Daniels
Date: Fri, 14 Jul 2023 09:10:46 -0400

Hi Kenneth,

We are trying to contact you related to your case with us. We are still
unable to locate the police report since you are unsure of the location.
Can you tell me where you were driving to and from before the accident?

We need to locate the police report so we can counter the denial of
liability of the defendant. Please contact us as soon as possible. Thanks.


On Fri, Jun 30, 2023 at 3:59?PM Jessa Galosmo 
wrote:

> Hi Kenneth,
>
> Can you tell me where you are driving to and from this accident?
>
> On Fri, Jun 9, 2023 at 9:55?AM Jessa Galosmo 
> wrote:
>
>> Hi Kenneth,
>>
>> I tried to call you but the number we have on file cannot be reached. Can
>> you provide the best contact number to call you? May I also know the status
>> of your treatment. I also would like to follow up on the exact location
>> where the accident happened. Apparently, we are still unable to locate the
>> police report of your accident.
>>
>> Thanks.
>>
>> On Thu, May 25, 2023 at 9:32?AM Jessa Galosmo 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Kenneth,
>>>
>>> I'm following up with you the list of medical providers you went to for
>>> treatment and I just want to know if you were working at the  time of the
>>> accident and missed work.
>>>
>>> On Wed, May 24, 2023 at 11:21?AM Jessa Galosmo 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> I see. Can you tell where the accident happened? Which road and city?
>>>> May I also know the name and location of the medical provider you are
>>>> getting your treatment from?
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, May 24, 2023 at 11:14?AM Kenneth Daniels <
>>>> kennethdaniels1026@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> I don't remember the police filling anything about the accident but I
>>>>> did see one of the officer taking down notes but I don't remember I'm still
>>>>> receiving medica
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, May 24, 2023, 10:51 AM Jessa Galosmo 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Hi Kenneth,
>>>>>>
>>>>>> I'm still unable to pull up the police report related to your
>>>>>> accident. Can you tell me the exact location where the accident happened?
>>>>>> Also how was your treatment going? Are you still getting treatment?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Fri, May 19, 2023 at 10:41?AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Kenneth,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> I'm following up on the picture of your driver's license. Please
>>>>>>> send it to me as soon as possible. Thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Apr 27, 2023 at 9:12?AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Daniels,
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> I'm following up on the picture of your driver's license. Please
>>>>>>>> send it to me as soon as possible. Thank you.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Mon, Apr 24, 2023 at 8:31?AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Daniels,
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Can you also send a picture of your driver's license, health
>>>>>>>>> insurance and auto insurance?
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Fri, Apr 21, 2023 at 6:55?PM Kenneth Daniels <
>>>>>>>>> kennethdaniels1026@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Apr 18, 2023, 10:53 PM Kenneth Daniels <
>>>>>>>>>> kennethdaniels1026@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> D542465585825
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Apr 18, 2023, 11:09 AM Jessa Galosmo <
>>>>>>>>>>> jessa@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Daniels.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Please send here the pictures of your injuries. May I also have
>>>>>>>>>>>> your driver's license number? Thanks.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> --
>>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> --
>>>>>> All the best,
>>>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> All the best,
>>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> --
>>> All the best,
>>> Jessa Galosmo
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> All the best,
>> Jessa Galosmo
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)357-9975
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>
>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Jessa Galosmo
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)357-9975
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 09:07:19

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to call client to get an update since we still haven't locate the PR and BI is denying liability. No answer, Subscriber not in service. Will send email 
__Person Making Contact:__ Jessa
__Date & Time__: July 14 2023

## 09:07:04

Two Week follow up with client initiated

## 09:07:04

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
