---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-26

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-daniels-mva-3-25-2023/kenneth-daniels-mva-3-25-2023|Kenneth Daniels MVA 3/25/2023]]

## 08:01:23

__Fwd: Claim#:052964104-05 / Kenneth Daniels__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [KennethDanielsMVAZ3596263@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KennethDanielsMVAZ3596263@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 26 May 2023 08:01:04 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Brumagin, Cassandra 
Date: Thu, May 25, 2023 at 4:47?PM
Subject: Claim#:052964104-05 / Kenneth Daniels
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 




 Good Afternoon, Jess





 I received your voicemail message and wanted to get back with you
regarding liability.



Your client, our insured Kenneth Daniels, gave us a recorded statement
after the accident in March and admitted that he struck the other vehicle.
This is how we had come to our liability decision.



 I do not have a police report, at this time.





Sincerely,

*Cassie Brumagin*











[metadata: {Claim-Number : 052964104},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM}]



Policy underwritten by *Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company*

? 2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA
02116





*Cassie Brumagin*

*Claims Resolution Specialist III*

Casualty Claims

Liberty Mutual Insurance

Phone:  317-688-6756

Fax:  888-268-8840



Business Hours: Mon ? Fri (7:30 am ? 3:45 pm EST)



*USPS Mail Only*

*FedEX/UPS*
*(including Overnight, Next Day, and other non-USPS deliveries)*

*Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims*
P.O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014

*Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims*
19 Bert Collins Drive
Throop, PA 18512

This e-mail, and any attachments hereto, is intended only for the use of
the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information.  If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or
copying of this e-mail, and any attachments hereto, is strictly
prohibited.  If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me
via return e-mail and via telephone at 317-688-6756 and permanently delete
the original and any attachment and any copy/printout thereof.  Thank you.




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
