---
schema_version: 2
date: "2025-01-17"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2025-01-17

**Case:** [[cases/armonte-carter-mva-0108-2025/armonte-carter-mva-0108-2025|Armonte Carter MVA 0108/2025]]

## 10:45:57

__Re: [Lyft] Re: Follow-up from Lyft__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aries Penaflor [aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:aries@whaleylawfirm.com), Justin Chumbley [Justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Justin@whaleylawfirm.com), Armonte Carter - Filevine Project Email Address [ArmonteCarterMVAZ4881505@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ArmonteCarterMVAZ4881505@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri Jan 17 2025 09:45:44 GMT-05:00

What information did clients provide?

On Thu, Jan 16, 2025 at 3:42?PM Aries Penaflor 
wrote:

> Hi Atty. Whaley,
>
> I need your thoughts here. I can't find any contact number for Lyft
> customer service so I created a claim on their website. Unfortunately, the
> information provided by our clients, Jamauri and Armante Carter, are not
> enough according to the claims specialist.
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Lyft 
> Date: Thu, Jan 16, 2025 at 2:07?PM
> Subject: [Lyft] Re: Follow-up from Lyft
> To: Aries Peñaflor 
>
>
> ##- Please type your reply above this line -##
>
> Your request (221464715) has been updated. To add additional comments,
> reply to this email.
> You are receiving this email because you submitted a support request. If
> you did not submit a request for help, no further action is required.
>
> *Byron - Claims Customer Care Specialist* (Lyft)
>
> Jan 16, 2025, 11:07?AM PST
> Hi *Aries*,
>
> This is Byron from The Lyft's Accident Reporting Team. I hope this email
> finds you well. Thank you for reaching out on behalf of your client,
> Armonte Carter and Jamauri Carter, about this accident from 2025-01-08.
>
> We’re unable to locate a Lyft driver with the available information.
> Unfortunately if you don't send us this information requested below, we
> will not able to help you further in your concer.
>
> If you have any more information about the driver, please respond to this
> email. Please provide as much as you can of the following information:
>
>
>    - Lyft Driver’s Name:
>    - Lyft Driver’s Phone Number:
>    - Lyft Driver’s Email:
>    - Lyft Driver’s Vehicle Description [Year, Make, Model, Color, License
>    Plate, VIN]:
>    - Lyft Driver’s Driver License Number:
>    - Date of Accident:
>    - Time of Accident:
>    - Location of Accident (Street AND Cross Street OR Full Address):
>    - Details of how the accident happened to the best of your ability:
>    - Were police notified? If so, provide the reporting department and
>    report number:
>    - If there were any injuries, who was injured, and what are the known
>    injuries?
>
>
> Other Driver’s Information:
>
>
>    - Name:
>    - Phone Number and Email:
>    - Insurance Carrier & Policy Number:
>    - Vehicle Description [Year, Make, Model, License Plate, VIN]:
>
>
> If we receive more information and can find the record of the driver,
> we'll look into this for you.
>
> I hope this process has been easy for you. If you would like to provide
> feedback, please complete this two-minute survey.
> 
>
> For any questions about the provided information, please let us know as a
> reply to this email.
>
> Best,
>
> Byron - Claims Customer Care Specialist
> Lyft Support
> help.lyft.com
>
> 
> This email is a service from Lyft. Delivered by Zendesk
> 
> [MR4994-4YG4K]
>
>
> --
> All the best,
> Aries Paul Peñaflor
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)365-5788
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whttps://www.zendesk.com/support/?utm_campaign=text&utm_content=Lyft&utm_medium=poweredbyzendesk&utm_source=email-notification>

## 00:16:04

__Text Message__
__Message:__  We need the information of the lyft driver.
__Date and Time:__ 2025-01-16 
__From Number:__ +15023655788 
__To Number:__ +15025580507
__Direction:__ Outbound

## 00:16:04

__Text Message__
__Message:__  His name is Tabet and he was driving a Toyota Highlander Hybrid
__Date and Time:__ 2025-01-16 
__From Number:__ +15025580507 
__To Number:__ +15023655788
__Direction:__ Inbound

## 00:16:03

__Text Message__
__Message:__  Unfortunately that information is not enough. They need atleast the license plate or VIN
__Date and Time:__ 2025-01-16 
__From Number:__ +15023655788 
__To Number:__ +15025580507
__Direction:__ Outbound

## 00:16:02

__Text Message__
__Message:__  VIN?
__Date and Time:__ 2025-01-16 
__From Number:__ +15025580507 
__To Number:__ +15023655788
__Direction:__ Inbound
