---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-18

**Case:** [[cases/jason-dowell-mva-7-4-2023/jason-dowell-mva-7-4-2023|Jason Dowell MVA 7/4/2023]]

## 14:56:08

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client, informed him that KFB need more proof that he was involve in this MVA. Informed him that they need a written notarized statement from him and Michelle Alsup about his involvement in this accident. Called Michelle and sent her an email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 18 2023

## 14:55:54

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:49:31

__Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [malsup72@gmail.com](mailto:malsup72@gmail.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 14:47:18 -0400

Hi Ms. MIchelle,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. You can send here the written
statement from you and Mr. Jason Dowell about his involvement in this
accident. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:37:40

__Re: FW: 04884411__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Rachel.Magee@kyfb.com](mailto:Rachel.Magee@kyfb.com) Magee, Rachel
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 11:35:29 -0400

Hi Rachel,

This is noted. I will keep you posted once I receive any information from
our clients. Thank you so much.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Sep 18, 2023 at 11:26?AM Magee, Rachel 
wrote:

> Coleen,
>
>   I just spoke to you regarding the status of obtaining a revised police
> report showing Mr. Dowell?s involvement in this loss.  As discussed, I will
> require either a revised police report showing Mr. Dowell?s involvement in
> the loss.  Another option which would be preferred if the revised p/r
> cannot be received is any available body cam footage from the officer that
> worked the accident.  Options after that would be medical records which for
> Mr. Dowell which state he was involved in a loss on this date and then
> notarized statements from Ms. Alslup and Mr. Dowell stating his involvement
> in this loss.
>
>
>
> If you have any questions, please contact me.
>
>
>
> *Rachel**?**?**?**?** Magee*
>
>  | Claim Adjuster III
>
> Kentucky Farm Bureau Insurance | Florence Regional Office
>
> 957 Weaver Road, Florence, KY 41042
>
> *Send mail to: *
>
> PO Box 20400, Louisville, KY 40250?9802
>
> *Office:* (859) 525-6170 <(859)%20525-6170>
>
> |
>
> *Cell:* (859) 391-4881 <(859)%20391-4881>
>
> |
>
> *Fax:* (859) 259-3147
>
> kyfb.com | Member login 
>
>
>
> *From:* Magee, Rachel
> *Sent:* Wednesday, September 6, 2023 8:08 PM
> *To:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Subject:* RE: 04884411
>
>
>
> Please find attached our acknowledgement of your representation of
> Michelle Alslup for a bodily injury claim related to my claim.
>
>
>
> Additionally,  I can advise that the property damage claim for the 1998
> Ford F150 was settled under my claim for my policyholder; Connie Craddock.
> While the truck was being driven by Ms. Alslup it was owned by Larry Ritter
> and the property damage claim has been settled directly with Mr. Ritter who
> was the owner of the vehicle at the time of the loss.
>
>
>
> *Rachel**?**?**?**?** Magee*
>
>  | Claim Adjuster III
>
> Kentucky Farm Bureau Insurance | Florence Regional Office
>
> 957 Weaver Road, Florence, KY 41042
>
> *Send mail to: *
>
> PO Box 20400, Louisville, KY 40250?9802
>
> *Office:* (859) 525-6170 <(859)%20525-6170>
>
> |
>
> *Cell:* (859) 391-4881 <(859)%20391-4881>
>
> |
>
> *Fax:* (859) 259-3147
>
> kyfb.com | Member login 
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, August 29, 2023 2:22 PM
> *To:* Magee, Rachel 
> *Subject:* 04884411
>
>
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> Please acknowledge receipt of our letter of representation for our clients
> Michelle Alsup (driver) and Jason Dowell (companion/passenger). Thank you.
>
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
