---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-30

**Case:** [[cases/alberta-carter-mva-10-29-2022/alberta-carter-mva-10-29-2022|Alberta Carter MVA 10/29/2022]]

## 18:32:09

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Alberta Carter 
814 Winkler Ave 40208
502-408-1425
Email: albertacarter1966@icloud.com
DOB: 7/22/1966
SS: 343-68-6664

10/29/2022 2am
Def ran a red light and t-boned P on the driver side. Def fled the scene.
Happened on 7th and Algonquin

LMPD 8022063092

Went to ER the next day. UofL
Treatment: Anointed Hands
Injuries: hurting all over 

Employed: Working through a temp service at the time of the Accident Nesco
Pay Varies by the job

Pip/UM: The General 
Claim: 01005396222
2007 Pontiac G6

__Incident Date__
10/29/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Location of Accident__
7th and Algonquin 

__Time of Accident__
2am

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Def ran a red light and t-boned P then fled the scene 

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
Hurting all over 

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
UofL ER

__Date of Visit__
10/30/2022

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Anointed Hands Injury Rehab

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
The General Insurance

__Claim Number__
01005396222

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2007 Pontiac G6

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Drivers side

__Employment Status:__
Terminated - Unrelated

__BI Claim Number__
Hit and run

__BI Claim Status__
Under Investigation

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Unsure 

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def ran a red light 

__What Type of Case is it?__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Were you injured?__
Yes

__Have you had any medical treatment for your injuries?__
Yes

__Is it someone else's fault?__
Yes

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/30/2022 1:16:39 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5024081425 - Message:  - Alberta, we just sent over the link to our intake documents for you to e-sign. You should receive the link in both text message and email. Here is our office information so that you have it for your records. Thanks, have a great day!

THE WHALEY LAW FIRM
712 Lyndon Ln.
Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message-----------------
