---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-09"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-09

**Case:** [[cases/joseph-murphy-mva-11-19-2022/joseph-murphy-mva-11-19-2022|Joseph Murphy MVA 11/19/2022]]

## 17:14:22

__RE: Joeseph Murphy PD.__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Mon, 9 Jan 2023 16:14:10 -0500

1 payment for $360 for loss of use payment .  Issued 12/30

12/30 payment for total loss.  4,877.07

Termination date of rental was 1/3. 

Not able to extend rental past current due date. 

Adjuster stated if he had chosen to have total loss payment sent electronically, he would have had it within 24hrs. Snail mail caused the delay it sounds. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  
Sent: Monday, January 9, 2023 3:48 PM
To: Justin Chumbley ; Joseph Murphy MVA 11/19/2022 
Subject: Joeseph Murphy PD.

 

I called and spoke to Jose and he said he didn't get the PD check until Saturday. Not sure I believe that. Friend was charged $400 for rental. Can you figure out when he got check and when they terminated rental so we can see if they match up? IF hey didn't give him a few days after getting check to find a new vehicle we can probably get them to. They usually do that. 


 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

## 16:48:34

__Joeseph Murphy PD.__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [josephmurphyz2329963@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:josephmurphyz2329963@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Joseph Murphy MVA 11/19/2022
Date: Mon, 9 Jan 2023 15:48:19 -0500

I called and spoke to Jose and he said he didn't get the PD check until
Saturday. Not sure I believe that. Friend was charged $400 for rental. Can
you figure out when he got check and when they terminated rental so we can
see if they match up? IF hey didn't give him a few days after getting check
to find a new vehicle we can probably get them to. They usually do that.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:46:10

Mr Murphy called  - said he got the rental approx week after MVA - he said they asked for a debit/credit card at time he rec'd rental...he used his cousin's card - and they charged it $400. He got paid for his vehicle last week...and ofcourse they wanted rental returned - he wanted to keep rental to go look for another vheicle to purchase - I told him that the insurance will only pay for rental - up until he got reimbursed for his vehicle. I am not sure why they would have charged  his cousin's card for $400 - when that would have been prior to him getting reimbursement. He wants JC to call them and straighten it out! #cc

## 12:42:47

Called Mr Murphy - he said he is attempting to get the rental for more days (has gotten paid PD) so he can look for another vehicle - he is going to speak with adj - he also said he has been to the chiro on in Bardstown, KY (on 31E) about 3x and did not recall chiro name - said he will get the name for us. #cc
