---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-20

**Case:** [[cases/william-graves-mva-7-8-2023/william-graves-mva-7-8-2023|William Graves MVA 7/8/2023]]

## 14:48:31

Received call from Bluecross Blueshield verifying member ID. Provide info.

## 14:10:27

New Lien added

## 13:56:39

__Fwd: [External] 0720825660__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [WilliamGravesZ3815363@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:WilliamGravesZ3815363@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2023 13:56:12 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: 
Date: Thu, Jul 20, 2023 at 12:52?PM
Subject: [External] 0720825660
To: 


Sorry, last thing!

We have received notice of a child support lien for Mr. Graves and wanted
you to be aware. I have attached it to this email.

Thank you!


JEFF SCOBEY
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (615) 874-6827
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com



CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for
use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended
addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying
of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in
error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your
system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID ****

*** Conversation ID: FR1af29df92b584c ***

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com
Sent: Monday, Jul 10, 2023 11:33 AM
To: claims@claims.allstate.com
Subject: [External] 0720825660



-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 13:56:03

__Re: [External] 0720825660__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [claims@claims.allstate.com](mailto:claims@claims.allstate.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2023 13:55:44 -0400

Hi,

Here's the copy of police report.

On Thu, Jul 20, 2023 at 12:51?PM Allstate Insurance <
allstate@service01.email-allstate.com> wrote:

> Log in to review.
> ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
>
> Claim *0720825660*
> [image: Allstate]
> 
> Hi Jessa,
>
> Jeff Scobey is currently out of the office and I came across your letter
> of representation for William Graves Jr. Our liability and coverage
> investigations are ongoing and I just left a message with your office
> regarding that. We are going to need a statement from Mr. Graves about what
> happened in this loss. Can you provide a date and time of availability for
> this to take place? Can you also provide us with details of the injury and
> treatment that Mr. Graves is claiming related to this loss? Any bills to
> date or treatment plans?
>
> I have noted your request for my insured's policy limits information. We
> do not believe that information is relevant to determining the issues of
> liability and damages in this matter.  We can assure you that we have
> provided at least the minimum levels of liability coverage that state law
> requires.  When your client has completed all accident-related treatment,
> we can then evaluate the claim for damages.  If we determine that your
> client has met the applicable tort threshold, we can then discuss a
> possible settlement.
>
> Also if you have a copy of the police report, can you please email it here
> so that we can expedite our review as well? Please have Mr. Graves mitigate
> all damages at this time while our investigation is ongoing.
>
> Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
>
> Sincerely,
> Gabriella Dees
>
>
> JEFF SCOBEY
> Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
> Phone: (615) 874-6827
> Fax: (866) 447-4293
> claims@claims.allstate.com
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments,
> may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely
> for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the
> intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or
> copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message
> in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from
> your system.
>
> **** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID ****
>
> *** Conversation ID: FR1af29df92b584c ***
>
>
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> From: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com
> Sent: Monday, Jul 10, 2023 11:33 AM
> To: claims@claims.allstate.com
> Subject: [External] 0720825660
>
>
>
> Did you find this email useful?
>
> 
> 
> [image: Allstate]
> 
> MyClaim
> 
>   |   Tools & Resources
> 
>   |   Allstate.com
> 
> This email was sent to you at jessa@whaleylawfirm.com
> ? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
> 
>    |   Contact Us
> 
> P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T
> EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
