---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-24

**Case:** [[cases/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020|Olivia Hinkle MVA 10/07/2020]]

## 16:50:40

Motion to Withdraw as Counsel Filed

## 16:50:22

__NEF, (for eFiler) NELSON 21-P-00313, IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA                        Envelope # 4349450__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 24 Feb 2022 15:49:54 -0500

Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: February 24, 2022 at 3:49PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: NELSON (DISTRICT )

Case Caption: IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA 

Case Number: 21-P-00313

Envelope Number: 4349450

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO WITHDRAW: MOTION TO WITHDRAW AS COUNSEL
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=4349450

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=4CF763D0-C9E8-40EF-9997-1CC67ECBCDDB

You may file subsequent case matters at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=4349450

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email.

## 16:49:32

Proof of Deposit Filed - Attached Deposit Verification Form & US Bank Receipt

## 16:45:45

__NEF, (for eFiler) NELSON 21-P-00313, IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA                        Envelope # 4349095__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 24 Feb 2022 15:29:10 -0500

Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: February 24, 2022 at 3:27PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: NELSON (DISTRICT )

Case Caption: IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA 

Case Number: 21-P-00313

Envelope Number: 4349095

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
PROOF: PROOF OF DEPOSIT - MINOR BLOCKED ACCOUNT

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=4349095

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=C7DF6272-9EDD-4872-8412-B0C9AC973730

You may file subsequent case matters at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=4349095

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email.

## 16:44:41

__Re: Minor Settlement Documents__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [halla678@gmail.com](mailto:halla678@gmail.com) Angelia Hall
Cc: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2022 15:44:27 -0500

Good afternoon Angelia,
     Unfortunately, we received the Proceed Packet returned by USPS
advising that your address was undeliverable and they were unable to
forward. However, I reached out to a local US Bank to see if they could
approve us making the deposit on your behalf, and they were more than happy
to help.
      I have taken the proceed check and deposited it in the blocked
account you set up & provided. Under the Limited Power of Attorney you
provided to our office, I was able to sign the Deposit Verification
electronically on your behalf and filed the deposit verification and
receipt with the Nelson County Probate Court.
       At this time, our promise and obligations under the Personal Injury
Agreement have been fulfilled and we will file a motion to be withdrawn
from the Probate Case. Our withdrawal from the case will allow you to
motion the court on your own at any time for any funds that Olivia may need
access to. If you ever have any questions, please feel free to contact us
directly to discuss them in further detail. We hope that you will keep The
Whaley Law Firm in mind should any other legal matters arise in the future.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, Feb 18, 2022 at 9:50 AM Angelia Hall  wrote:

> Ok thank you
>
> On Fri, Feb 18, 2022, 7:47 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Thank you for the update.
>> Normally, I would think it was odd, but the postal service is not as
>> speedy as it used to be. If you have not received it by Wednesday, I will
>> get with Aaron and see about tracking the check and possible re-issuance.
>> The extension was granted until 03/09/2022, so we should have plenty of
>> time.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Thu, Feb 17, 2022 at 5:19 PM Angelia Hall  wrote:
>>
>>> Haven't received it yet
>>>
>>> On Wed, Feb 16, 2022, 9:08 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> It was sent via USPS, have you not recieved it yet?
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, Feb 16, 2022 at 11:04 AM Angelia Hall 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Will the paperwork be sent email or regular mail?
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Feb 9, 2022, 10:01 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good afternoon Angelia,
>>>>>>     We have filed a Motion for Extension of Time. You should be
>>>>>> receiving a copy along with Olivia's Proceed check and a Deposit
>>>>>> Verification Form. Once the extension is granted, I will forward a copy of
>>>>>> that as well to you.
>>>>>>      Once you receive the packet we sent to you, simply take the
>>>>>> check & Deposit Verification Form to the Bank. The Check will be deposited
>>>>>> and all we need is for the bank to sign the Verification and send it back
>>>>>> to us along with a copy of the deposit receipt.
>>>>>>      We can get the claim transferred to your local Probate court
>>>>>> once everything is finalized. We will discuss it in more detail once the
>>>>>> proof is taken care of.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Feb 9, 2022 at 11:31 AM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Let me know if everything with the court is okay. Also would I be
>>>>>>> able to transfer the case to a court here in AZ so if Olivia needs access
>>>>>>> to her funds it's easier for me to do?
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 4, 2022, 11:47 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Thank you for the information. I know we had talked and you had
>>>>>>>> been ill.
>>>>>>>> We will get this taken care of, no worries. Actually, it happens
>>>>>>>> quite often that the 1st Proof Deadline is missed.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Fri, Feb 4, 2022 at 1:23 PM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Ok, thanks for the update. They wanted to know why I was unable to
>>>>>>>>> get an account. Well I went to Bank of America and gave them the documents,
>>>>>>>>> it's the same day I called you. They said they would call me back. They
>>>>>>>>> never called me back and I ended up ill for 2 weeks then I the hospital for
>>>>>>>>> 2 weeks with several issues. I got the letter when I got home. I went back
>>>>>>>>> to Bank of America and they were talking scheduling me for 2 weeks to do
>>>>>>>>> this account. I got really upset and left. So I found a different bank, US
>>>>>>>>> Bank, and got in with them the same day, used the same paperwork I gave
>>>>>>>>> Bank of America to open the account and they had no problems and got her
>>>>>>>>> account set up right away.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Kind Regards
>>>>>>>>> Angela Hall
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022, 10:57 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> We will attend and file a motion for an extension, if we are not
>>>>>>>>>> able to make the deposit on Monday.
>>>>>>>>>> I will keep you posted.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022 at 11:45 AM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> What about the court date for the 9th of February?
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Feb 3, 2022, 7:32 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Thank you so much Angela.
>>>>>>>>>>>> I will get with Aaron and work on getting the deposit made
>>>>>>>>>>>> as soon as possible.
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> On Wed, Feb 2, 2022 at 8:03 PM Angelia Hall 
>>>>>>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> I finally have an account set up for Olivia through US Bank. I
>>>>>>>>>>>>> was trying to go through Bank of America but they never got back to me
>>>>>>>>>>>>> after the appointment I had with them over a month ago.
>>>>>>>>>>>>> The account number for her blocked account through US BANK is
>>>>>>>>>>>>> 251712342152. If you need anything else please let me know.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Kind regards
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> Angela Hall
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>> On Tue, Nov 2, 2021, 12:13 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>>>>> stuttle.wlf@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Angela,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>    Please find attached the Order Approving Olivia's
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Settlement and the Order for the Blocked Account. Please present these
>>>>>>>>>>>>>> documents to the bank of your choice and contact me as so

## 16:02:30

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2022 14:55:00 -0500

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 14:48:59

Recvd Proceed Packet back via USPS - Unable to deliver or forward 
Called US Bank to see if we could deposit funds locally - Per Lisa at Viking Ctr Dr local deposit should be fine - Taking Proceed Check 6021 to local branch for deposit - will update Guardian upon completion

## 13:48:23

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2022 12:40:50 -0500

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
