---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-15

**Case:** [[cases/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020/olivia-hinkle-mva-10-07-2020|Olivia Hinkle MVA 10/07/2020]]

## 16:43:03

Filed Motion to Release funds w/Order to US Bank to send check directly to Anthem Claim Recovery Services - Attached Lien Notice as Exhibit 1 - CourtNet Envelope 5474075 - Mailed copy to US Bank Corporate Office Legal Department 800 Nicollet Mall, Minnesota, MN 55402 & to Guardian #Lit #Minor #BlkAcct #Lien

## 16:40:46

__NEF, (for eFiler) NELSON 21-P-00313, IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA                        Envelope # 5274075__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 15 Nov 2022 15:18:53 -0500

Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: November 15, 2022 at 3:17PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: NELSON (DISTRICT )

Case Caption: IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF HINKLE, OLIVIA 

Case Number: 21-P-00313

Envelope Number: 5274075

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION - OTHER: MOTION TO RELEASE FUNDS
EXHIBIT: EXHIBIT 1 - ANTHEM BCBS LIEN
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=5274075

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=806A5F38-F0FF-4D4C-8157-89595C21DCAD

You may file subsequent case matters at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=5274075

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email.

## 14:29:45

__Re: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2022 13:28:36 -0500

Called Guardian - She did not file Motion to Change Venue - thought Lien
was withheld
Looked for Settlement Itemization - Unable to locate
Ran numbers again - Lien not withheld
Drafting Motion to Release Funds & Motion to Change Venue (Maricopa County,
AZ)
Guardian updated her address - 2154 W. Bowker Street, Phoenix, AZ 85041

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 12:58 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Motion to Change Venue was provided to Guardian w/Instructions on
> 02/24/2022
> Checked CourtNet - Do not see that it has been filed
> I will reach out to Guardian.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 12:52 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Did the motion to change venue get granted? IF not we need to let
>> client's mom know that we need to file a motion to release funds to pay
>> this lien and then do so.
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: RingCentral 
>> Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
>> Subject: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM
>> To: aaron whaley 
>>
>>
>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>> ------------------------------
>>
>> Dear aaron whaley,
>>
>> You have a new voice message:
>> *From:* (844) 709-6877
>> *Received:* Tuesday, November 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
>> *Length:* 00:22
>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>>
>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>> " Hi, my name is Kayla. I'm with Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield. I'm
>> calling in regards to Olivia, Hinkle, date of loss 107-2020 file number
>> 24703368 calling to see when we can anticipate payment for Olivia. If you
>> can call us back at 844-217-0937, we'd really appreciate it."
>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>> account  with your main number,
>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>> RingCentral account.
>>
>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>
>> ------------------------------
>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
>> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
>> app. Get started 
>>
>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>> our Terms of Use .
>>
>> Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis
>> 
>>  Drive, Belmont, CA
>> 
>>  94002, USA
>> .
>>
>>
>

## 14:29:29

__Re: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2022 12:58:54 -0500

Motion to Change Venue was provided to Guardian w/Instructions on 02/24/2022
Checked CourtNet - Do not see that it has been filed
I will reach out to Guardian.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 12:52 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Did the motion to change venue get granted? IF not we need to let client's
> mom know that we need to file a motion to release funds to pay this lien
> and then do so.
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: RingCentral 
> Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
> Subject: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM
> To: aaron whaley 
>
>
> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
> [image: Logo] Voice Message
> ------------------------------
>
> Dear aaron whaley,
>
> You have a new voice message:
> *From:* (844) 709-6877
> *Received:* Tuesday, November 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
> *Length:* 00:22
> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley
>
> *Voicemail Preview:*
> " Hi, my name is Kayla. I'm with Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield. I'm
> calling in regards to Olivia, Hinkle, date of loss 107-2020 file number
> 24703368 calling to see when we can anticipate payment for Olivia. If you
> can call us back at 844-217-0937, we'd really appreciate it."
> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
> account  with your main number,
> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
> RingCentral account.
>
> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>
> ------------------------------
> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
> to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
> app. Get started 
>
> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
> our Terms of Use .
>
> Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis
> 
>  Drive, Belmont, CA
> 
>  94002, USA
> .
>
>

## 14:29:15

__Fwd: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2022 12:52:06 -0500

Did the motion to change venue get granted? IF not we need to let client's
mom know that we need to file a motion to release funds to pay this lien
and then do so.
---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Nov 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from (844) 709-6877 on 11/15/2022 11:49 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (844) 709-6877
*Received:* Tuesday, November 15, 2022 at 11:49 AM
*Length:* 00:22
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, my name is Kayla. I'm with Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield. I'm calling
in regards to Olivia, Hinkle, date of loss 107-2020 file number 24703368
calling to see when we can anticipate payment for Olivia. If you can call
us back at 844-217-0937, we'd really appreciate it."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

## 14:26:40

Recvd AW Email regarding Lien & Motion to Change Venue - Thought Lien Funds were handled and/or escrowed - Attempted to locate Settlement Itemization from which check was issued - Unable to locate - Ran numbers again - Settled $150,000.00 - Client recvd $99,754.40 - Atty Fee should have been $49,950.00 (+ $50 Admin Fee) - Probate Filing Fee $245.50 - 99,754.50 - Medical Lien is $901.44 - Not included 
Called Guardian confirmed Motion to Change Venue not filed - Advised Guardian will double check the numbers (confirmed lien not withheld) and will file appropriate motion to release funds & then will file motion to change venue on her behalf. #Lit #Minor #Lien
