---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-01

**Case:** [[cases/todd-wayne-blakeley-mva-05-16-2022/todd-wayne-blakeley-mva-05-16-2022|Todd Wayne Blakeley MVA 05/16/2022]]

## 10:34:34

Contact Todd Wayne Blakeley at (270) 619-5221 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 10:32:06

Move to set up phase and assign to appropriate claim specialist

## 10:32:07

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
happened on or around 5/16/2022

Def was not DOT compliant and was carrying a wide load down the highway taking up nearly 3 lanes. The def came over into P's lane and struck him on the passenger side. 

Happened on Hwy 189 
Happened in Muhlenberg Co.KY

Muhlenberg Co Sheriff Responded he did not have report info

__Incident Date__
5/15/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Muhlenberg

__Time of Accident__
5pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Def was not DOT compliant and was carrying a wide load down the highway taking up nearly 3 lanes. The def came over into P's lane and struck him on the passenger side.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
fractured vertebrae that requires surgery

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
Baptist Health Deaconess Madisonville

__Date of Visit__
5/18/2022

__Has Client had Diagnostic Imaging Completed or Scheduled?__
Yes

__Date of Most Recent Imaging__
6/16/2022

__Type of Imaging__
X-Rays

__Imaging Notes__
Fractured Vertebrae 

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Dr. Harold C. Cannon Jr, MD

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Kentucky Farm Bureau

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2002 Jeep Wrangler Sport

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
No

__Does Client need car fixed?__
Yes

__Is Client's car drivable?__
No

__Vehicle Towed?__
No

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
Client will take some

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
Blak Kuntry Bottoms LLC

__Job Title__
Owner

__Type of Benefits__
Owner, pay varies

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Kentucky Farm Bureau

__BI Claim Number__
Unsure

__BI Claim Status__
Pending

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Semi Tractor Trailer

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Driver's Side

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
6/27/2022 7:44:41 AM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : blakeleytodd95@gmail.com
First : Todd
Last : Wayne Blakeley
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +12706195221
Summary : How:Car Accident 
When: Within 1-3 Months
Injuries: Surgery,Fractured or Broken Bones,Whiplash or Soft Tissue Neck and Back Pain
Attorney: No, I do not have an attorney
Description: Heavy equipment struck my vehicle. Equipment was traveling on road without proper DOT safety regulations

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
6/27/2022 10:21:11 AM - Brandon French - Added note - Spoke with PC and completed intake. Waiting on Esignature

Note emailed to: Aaron Whaley (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
6/29/2022 4:35:53 PM - Brandon French - Added note - Text send requesting the status of PC's signed intake docs

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
6/30/2022 11:12:46 AM - Brandon French - Added note - Spoke with Todd, he said that he signed with Morgan and Morgan yesterday because he felt it would be cheaper since we are so far away. I explained to him how our fee works again and he said that he got confused but now that he realized Morgan and Morgan is more and charges all kinds of crazy expenses, he asked if he can switch. He said he is going to decide what to do and call me later when he is not busy. SMH

Note emailed to: Aaron Whaley (agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/27/2022 7:44:41 AM - From: +15026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - Hello Todd Wayne Blakeley, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/27/2022 7:44:41 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: blakeleytodd95@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Todd,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/27/2022 10:22:11 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln, Louisville, KY 40222
(502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/27/2022 11:59:33 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - Mr. Blakeley, you should have received the link to our intake documents in your inbox. If for some reason you do not see them, check your junk or spam folder. Sometimes they can wind up there. As soon as the documents are completed, I will get your case over to the team and we will get the ball rolling. Thanks again for choosing our firm in your time of need, have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/27/2022 1:33:34 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - Hey Mr. Blakely, this is Brandon with The Whaley Law Firm. Just wanted to reach out and confirm that you received the link to the intake documents? If not, please let me know so that I can confirm your email address and resend them. Thanks, have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/28/2022 11:48:42 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - Hey Todd, this is Brandon again with The Whaley Law Firm. I hope that all is well. Just wanted to follow up with you on the intake documents I sent over. Looks like we still have not received them back and I was just wanting to confirm that you received them. The team is excited to get the ball rolling on your claim but until we receive those back we are kind of at a stand still. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out.  I will keep my eye out for them, have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:6/28/2022 3:43:40 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 2706195221 - Message:  - Friendly Reminder from The Whaley Law Firm.

Hello, this message is being sent as a courtesy reminder that we have yet to receive your signed intake documents.
When time permits, please check your email and confirmed that you received them. Our team is excited to get rolling on your claim as soon as soon as those documents are completed and returned. If you have an
