---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-04

**Case:** [[cases/kristina-gregory-mva-08-02-2022/kristina-gregory-mva-08-02-2022|Kristina Gregory MVA 08/02/2022]]

## 16:05:22

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
DOA: 8/2/2022
Passenger. Def was attempting a U-Turn in the middle of the road and struck P causing them to spin out and wind up in someones yard.
Happened on Newport Rd

Called Police but was told to exchange info

No EMS, went to UofL South (Brooks)
Treating at Anointed Hands

PIP: Allstate
BI: Unsure

__Incident Date__
8/2/2022 8:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__Related Contacts__
Charles Miller


__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Location of Accident__
Happened on Newport Rd

__Time of Accident__
9am

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Def was attempting a U-Turn in the middle of the road and struck P causing them to spin out and wind up in someones yard.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
No

__Were pictures taken of the injuries?__
No

__Injury Notes__
fractured L foot. Head head on windshield. Neck pain

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
UofL South

__Date of Visit__
8/2/2022

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Anointed Hands Injury Rehab

__First Date of Treatment__
8/4/2022

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Allstate Insurance

__Claim Number__
0679461905

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2012 Toyota Yaris

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
No

__Does Client need car fixed?__
Yes

__Is Client's car drivable?__
Yes

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
Client is texting some

__Date Taken__
8/4/2022

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Front,Drivers side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Employer__
Car Wash USA Express

__Job Title__
Car Wash Attendant 

__Rate of Pay__
12

__Per:__
Hour

__BI Claim Number__
Unsure

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Suv Unsure of details

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def was attempting a U-Turn in the middle of the road and struck P causing them to spin out and wind up in someones yard.

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 2:37:58 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5029368056 - Message:  - Kristina, I just sent you 2 emails. One for you to sign and one for Charles. Here is our office information just so you have it. Also, please text all photos to this number. Thanks, 

Attorney Aaron Whaley
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 3:33:55 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5029368056 - Message:  - Aptiva Health
(502) 583-1011

Here is the number for the doctors office for yall to call and get scheduled.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 3:54:13 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5029368056 - Message:  - I just received your signed intake docs back, you should have a link for Charles as well. Once I get those back we will be good to go!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 3:55:26 PM - From: +15029368056 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - It won't let me send the other 1 it doesn't give option to finish like other 1 did
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 3:56:31 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5029368056 - Message:  - Hmmm, you must have missed a signature spot or something. Usually once you sign every spot it will finish automatically. Close Charles's out and I can resend it. We will see if that works.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 3:57:23 PM - From: +15029368056 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Ok
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 4:02:50 PM - From: +15023080029 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Pics r sending to make take a few mins my phone is slow
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/4/2022 4:03:35 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5023080029 - Message:  - No problem
-----------------End Message-----------------
