---
case_slug: anella-noble
created_at: 2026-02-16 22:03:33.906000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2024-07-02
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2021-01-03-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Anella-Noble-MVA-01-03-2021/Litigation/nefforefilerjeffersoncircuit21-ci-004985nobleane11-1.eml
source_hash: sha256:3e47ab297a20d32c313153b7b632dc153df7724bf9b5f07bf373acf9a1430402
---

**Case:** [[cases/anella-noble/anella-noble|Anella Noble]]
**Client:** [[cases/anella-noble/contacts/anella-noble|Anella Noble]]

Subject: NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 21-CI-004985, NOBLE, ANELLA VS. SEWELL, VIRGINA P. ET AL                   Envelope # 8286760
From: [EMAIL-1]
To: [EMAIL-9], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-8]
Date: 2024-07-02T14:40:53-04:00
Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: July 02, 2024 at 2:39PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: NOBLE, ANELLA VS. SEWELL, VIRGINA P. ET AL

Case Number: 21-CI-004985

Envelope Number: 8286760

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-7]
Sitlinger, Curtis Lee - [EMAIL-6]
Edwards, Richard W. - [EMAIL-6]
Edwards, Richard W. - [EMAIL-7]
Hoskins, Renee G. - [EMAIL-8]
Waller, Kathryn - [EMAIL-9]

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
NOTICE TO TAKE DEPOSITION: NTTD OFFICER LOVEWELL 8.15.24 10A ZOOM

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=8286760

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=7F2CFE77-45F8-4FED-89B9-[PHONE-10]C8

You may file subsequent case matters at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=8286760

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
