---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-30

**Case:** [[cases/chassidy-midkiff-mva-5-31-2023/chassidy-midkiff-mva-5-31-2023|Chassidy Midkiff MVA 5/31/2023]]

## 17:13:11

__053922277__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [imaging@libertymutual.com](mailto:imaging@libertymutual.com)
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2023 17:12:53 -0400

## 17:07:49

__New Insurance Note:__  left vm
__Insurance Type:__ Uninsured Motorist (UM)
__Insurance Company:__ Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 17:02:19

Client called in and inform she was sick in the past few days that's why she's not in contact. She asked about lost wage payment. Advised she needs to send the copy of her taxes from last yr or any proof of income. She said she has bank statement or she could get statement from her employers. She has clients and she cleans their houses or buildings. Advised her as well recorded statement with Safeco. Client is available Monday 2pm. Will call Safeco and confirm availability.,

## 14:41:31

__Complete and Sign__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [chassidymidkiff@gmail.com](mailto:chassidymidkiff@gmail.com)
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2023 14:41:14 -0400

Hi Chassidy,

Please see attached file. You need to complete the form and sign it. Once
you're done please return it to me. Thanks.

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 14:36:37

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to call client. No answer, left vm. Will send the form to complete and sign to her email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Jessa
__Date & Time__: June 30 2023

## 14:36:19

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:44:40

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Jessa Galosmo'
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2023 13:44:33 -0400



Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax  
Sent: Friday, June 30, 2023 1:32 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
