---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-05

**Case:** [[cases/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023/melissa-gray-mva-6-17-2023|Melissa Gray MVA 6/17/2023]]

## 10:42:46

__Re: Accident__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mgray7189@gmail.com](mailto:mgray7189@gmail.com) Melissa Gray
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2023 10:41:13 -0400

Hi Ms. Melissa,

This is noted. We will do our best to help you with this. We are still
unable to locate the police report. If you can remember the name of the
police department that came on the day of the incident or any report number
information. We also need a photo of the front and back of your health
insurance card. You can send it here. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Tue, Jul 4, 2023 at 7:28?AM Melissa Gray  wrote:

> He has blocked me and refused to give information. I missed a week of work
> due to pain and soreness and didn?t have leave time to pay and he didn?t
> seem to care either. So please pursue. Thank you.
>
> On Thu, Jun 29, 2023 at 8:58 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Ms. Melissa,
>>
>> This is noted. No worries, let's focus on you to be feeling better and
>> recover from all the pain/injuries you're experiencing. Then we'll move
>> forward on your case.
>>
>> I'll try again to contact Lexington police dept to ask for help on
>> locating the police report and I'll keep you posted once I obtain new info.
>>
>> For now, we need a photo of the front and back of your health insurance
>> card if you have any. You can send it here or on the text message that we
>> had yesterday. Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> On Thu, Jun 29, 2023 at 8:21?AM Melissa Gray  wrote:
>>
>>> Good morning Coleen. Please do not contact Bobby Evans any further
>>> regarding this matter. He and I exchanged words yesterday and my anxiety
>>> went through the roof. I?m done with everything.
>>>
>>> Melissa Gray
>>>
>>
