---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-04-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-04-03

**Case:** [[cases/kamari-smith-mva-3-31-2024/kamari-smith-mva-3-31-2024|Kamari Smith MVA 3/31/2024]]

## 15:06:25

Called LMPD but PR is not available yet on their end. PR-24037157. Also called Allstate and no claim filed yet.

## 10:48:25

__Re: Claim Information__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Stephanie Hix  [stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com)
CC: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 3 Apr 2024 10:41:20 -0400

Shantalyah Henderson & Kamari Smith - Just received 04.01.24 - PIP is with
Allstate but we do not have confirmation or claim # yet.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Apr 3, 2024 at 9:44?AM Stephanie Hix 
wrote:

> Good Morning,
>
> CHecking to see if you have claim information for:
>
> Shantalyah Henderson and Kamari Smith date of injury 03/31/2024
>
>
> Thanks,
>
> Stephanie
>
> ****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
> PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
> intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
> or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
> distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
> contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.
>

## 10:46:35

__Claim Information__
From: Stephanie Hix  [stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com)
To: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 3 Apr 2024 09:53:01 -0400

Good Morning,

CHecking to see if you have claim information for:

Shantalyah Henderson and Kamari Smith date of injury 03/31/2024


Thanks,

Stephanie

****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.

## 10:44:30

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:44:19

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:40:52

Companion: Shantalyah Henderson
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/4518941/activity
