---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-30

**Case:** [[cases/tracie-smith-mva-08-20-2022/tracie-smith-mva-08-20-2022|Tracie Smith MVA 08/20/2022]]

## 15:08:15

@jchumbley From client 
Lead: Tracie Smith
To: (502) 677-3361
From: (502) 938-0121
Hey. So it's my 2nd time at the synergy place.. . I am in absolutely no mode for any physical therapy. I'm ribs hurt so bad I can barely move let alone think about PT. I guess my question is.. is there a purpose in me coming here... let's say financial at the end? Because I will continue if that's the case, but I feel like a regular Dr could control my pain with nothing like they are. I don't understand when I tell people I'm about 9/1 0 in pain, I'm dead ass serious and controlling that is extremely important when broken ribs are healing.

## 15:14:07

Tracie, this is the Whaley Law Firm. This is the specific number that goes to your file in our office. Any text you send to this number automatically goes to your file. Sarena will be your case manager. IF you have any questins, problems or needs just let us know!

## 15:55:30

Recvd Injury & Scene photos from Client - Also received LiMu Insurance card - Will call to obtain/setup claim tomorrow. #Investigation #InjuryPhotos

## 15:44:24

During Intro Call discuss PT & pain due to broken ribs - Advised client to contact PT facility and let them know she is going to take a break from PT due to her broken ribs but will return once they are less tender - This will be documented and explain treatment gap in demand process - Client expressed understanding and appreciated the information #txstatus #cc

## 15:42:38

Completed Intro call to Client - She is not sure why Driver lost control of vehicle - Her memory is a little hazy - Driver was adjusting the telescopic steering column when another passenger heard a noise (explosion) - Driver lost control - Volks Wagon Jetta - Client later found out there is a recall on the steering column & driver air bag - Driver has LiMu Insurance and Client will send in copy of his insurance card - They did not purchase the optional insurance through Enterprise - Driver may also have a copy of the police report to send in as well - Client did visit hospital in Michigan and will download her MyChart Records and send via email. #cc

## 11:09:30

Contact Tracie Smith at (502) 938-0121 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.
