---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-05"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-05

**Case:** [[cases/bradley-snowden/bradley-snowden|Bradley Snowden]]

## 14:58:58

__Phase Changed By:__ Faye
__Old Status:__ Closing
__New Status:__ Archived

## 14:57:13

Also mailed client a copy of "decline letter" emailed by Coleen. (No PIP or BI info to send decline letter) #cc

## 13:53:01

__Phase Changed By:__ Coleen Thea
__Old Status:__ 
__New Status:__ Closing

## 13:41:48

@coleen send a decline rep letter and close the file

## 13:52:35

Send Closing letter.

## 13:50:32

__Decline Representation__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [snowdenbrad859@gmail.com](mailto:snowdenbrad859@gmail.com) Bradley Snowden
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2023 13:49:13 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached letter of declining representation.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 08:09:34

__Re: Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [snowdenbrad859@gmail.com](mailto:snowdenbrad859@gmail.com) Bradley Snowden
Date: Wed, 5 Jul 2023 08:08:14 -0400

Hi Mr. Bradley,

This is Coleen from the  Whaley Law Firm. For us to move forward on your
case, we need the police report information, a list of medical providers
you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your
health insurance card. Please send it here. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Sat, Jul 1, 2023 at 8:26?PM Bradley Snowden 
wrote:

> Hey thank you for your multiple emails but I know what I know you know
> what you hear or want to hear from the ambulances you are chasing. Tell Mr
> Grissom I said hello we shall both write our innocent man story together! I
> will be enshrined at McDonald's as the all time bigmac king classic wit a
> McCurry on Dat 24 me thanks b4
>
> On Tue, Jun 27, 2023, 17:46 Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Mr. Bradley Snowden,
>>
>> I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law
>> Firm. We are unable to reach you by phone. We need the police report
>> information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a
>> photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. Please send all
>> information as soon as possible for us to move forward on your case. Thank
>> you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>
