---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-28

**Case:** [[cases/mykiah-walker-mva-10-11-21/mykiah-walker-mva-10-11-21|Mykiah Walker MVA 10/11/21]]

## 10:44:47

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MykiahWalkerMVAZ954725@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MykiahWalkerMVAZ954725@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 10:44:03 -0400



-----Original Message-----
From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com  
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2022 1:49 PM
To: 'Jessica Bottorff' 
Subject: FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office



Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax 
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2022 1:39 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 10:42:41

__FW: FW: Mykiah’s Health Insurance__
From:  [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [MykiahWalkerMVAZ954725@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MykiahWalkerMVAZ954725@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 10:42:25 -0400

 

 

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com  
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2022 1:48 PM
To: 'Jessica Bottorff' 
Subject: FW: FW: Mykiah’s Health Insurance

 

Will you send final lien request 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Faye Gaither  > 
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2022 1:47 PM
To: Justin Chumbley  >
Subject: Fwd: FW: Mykiah’s Health Insurance

 

 

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Natalie Walker  >
Date: Wed, Jul 27, 2022 at 1:04 PM
Subject: FW: Mykiah’s Health Insurance
To: faye@whaleylawfirm.com    >

 

Hey Faye!

I had Mykiah send me copy of her insurance card and I’m forwarding the card to you!

Thank you for all of your help with this matter.

Natalie Walker( Mother)

(502)235-6662

From: mykiahwalker2020@gmail.com    > 
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2022 12:36 PM
To: Natalie Walker  >
Subject: Mykiah’s Health Insurance

 

[You don't often get email from mykiahwalker2020@gmail.com  . Learn why this is important at https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification ]

SECURITY ALERT! This message is from an outside sender! Please review with caution and only open links you know are safe. Please click the “Report Phishing” button on your tool bar to report this message to the security team for review.

________________________________







Sent from my iPhone


Sent from my iPhone
