---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-28

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-willis-mva-07-27-2022/kenneth-willis-mva-07-27-2022|Kenneth Willis MVA 07/27/2022]]

## 12:31:37

@aaronw New Intake ready to be assigned - Client is passenger - Hit & Run

## 13:10:54

__New Voice Message from LOUISVILLE   KY (502) 333-4568 on 07/28/2022 11:48 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 15:48:47 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LOUISVILLE KY (502) 333-4568 
*Received:* Thursday, July 28, 2022 at 11:48 AM 
*Length:* 00:14 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Well, as you just send me the plant talked to you a quick chat for 
everything this deed." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 12:11:04

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 12:02:02 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
