---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-25

**Case:** [[cases/alvenia-walker-mva-8-17-2020/alvenia-walker-mva-8-17-2020|Alvenia Walker MVA 8/17/2020]]

## 15:16:32

__FW: CHI116349 Alvenia Walker__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Wed, 25 May 2022 15:16:01 -0400

Off the record adjuster said LBF is $1,750. Not sure how you want to handle
this

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Angela McNair  
Sent: Wednesday, May 25, 2022 3:09 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: CHI116349 Alvenia Walker

 

Hi Justin,

 

As we discussed, we made an offer for Uninsured Motorist Bodily Injury for
Alvenia Walker on 03/29/2021 in the amount of $750 exclusive of PIP.  We
have not received any response to date.  Please advise.

 

Thank you,

 

Angela McNair

Senior Casualty Claims Adjuster

Farmers Exchange Insurance

PO Box 6040; Scranton, PA 18505

Phone: 405-782-4751

Fax: 866-947-0184

Email: imaging@farmersinsurance.com   

 

"At this time, I can be reached by telephone and e-mail. Email
communications are preferred to avoid any potential delays caused by
mailing. If you are unable to use email and hard copies of communications
are required, they may be sent to our National Document Center at P.O. Box
6040, Scranton, PA 18505-6040. We are unable to receive deliveries at any
office location from FedEx, UPS or any other courier at this time."

 

 



 

"Important Notice: The Farmers Insurance GroupR (FarmersR), has acquired the
MetLife Auto

& HomeR business from MetLife, Inc. (MetLife). Therefore, MetLife is no
longer affiliated with

MetLife Auto & Home and is not responsible for any of MetLife Auto & Homes'
activities.

Farmers will be responsible for all MetLife Auto & Home business decisions
going forward."

 

 

Personal Information (Confidential)

  _____  

***** PLEASE NOTE ***** This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents
accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential
information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above. If you
are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any
use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of
this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in
legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error
in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any
accompanying documents. Thank you.*****

## 15:02:13

Per adjuster LBF $1740
