---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-26

**Case:** [[cases/alvenia-walker-mva-8-17-2020/alvenia-walker-mva-8-17-2020|Alvenia Walker MVA 8/17/2020]]

## 11:49:14

__Re: FW: CHI116349 Alvenia Walker__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [AlveniaWalkerMVAZ954570@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AlveniaWalkerMVAZ954570@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 26 May 2022 11:48:56 -0400

I tried calling her but neither number worked send contact letter.

On Wed, May 25, 2022 at 3:16 PM  wrote:

> Off the record adjuster said LBF is $1,750. Not sure how you want to
> handle this
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Angela McNair 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, May 25, 2022 3:09 PM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Subject:* CHI116349 Alvenia Walker
>
>
>
> Hi Justin,
>
>
>
> As we discussed, we made an offer for Uninsured Motorist Bodily Injury for
> Alvenia Walker on 03/29/2021 in the amount of $750 exclusive of PIP.  We
> have not received any response to date.  Please advise.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> Angela McNair
>
> Senior Casualty Claims Adjuster
>
> Farmers Exchange Insurance
>
> PO Box 6040; Scranton, PA 18505
>
> Phone: 405-782-4751
>
> Fax: 866-947-0184
>
> Email: imaging@farmersinsurance.com
>
>
>
> “At this time, I can be reached by telephone and e-mail. Email
> communications are preferred to avoid any potential delays caused by
> mailing. If you are unable to use email and hard copies of communications
> are required, they may be sent to our National Document Center at P.O. Box
> 6040, Scranton, PA 18505-6040. We are unable to receive deliveries at any
> office location from FedEx, UPS or any other courier at this time.”
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> “Important Notice: The Farmers Insurance Group® (Farmers®), has acquired
> the MetLife Auto
>
> & Home® business from MetLife, Inc. (MetLife). Therefore, MetLife is no
> longer affiliated with
>
> MetLife Auto & Home and is not responsible for any of MetLife Auto &
> Homes’ activities.
>
> Farmers will be responsible for all MetLife Auto & Home business decisions
> going forward.”
>
>
>
>
>
> Personal Information (Confidential)
> ------------------------------
>
> ***** PLEASE NOTE ***** This E-Mail/telefax message and any documents
> accompanying this transmission may contain privileged and/or confidential
> information and is intended solely for the addressee(s) named above. If you
> are not the intended addressee/recipient, you are hereby notified that any
> use of, disclosure, copying, distribution, or reliance on the contents of
> this E-Mail/telefax information is strictly prohibited and may result in
> legal action against you. Please reply to the sender advising of the error
> in transmission and immediately delete/destroy the message and any
> accompanying documents. Thank you.*****
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
