---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-28

**Case:** [[cases/keeven-ashby-wc-11-15-2018/keeven-ashby-wc-11-15-2018|Keeven Ashby WC 11/15/2018]]

## 08:26:28

@stuttle Please request Anthem lien

## 13:06:52

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Client deposition was completed - Client called back in & asked if Def would still be responsible for the weeks of TTD since termination in May - Advised that yes, they would still be responsible for those week and they will be calculated into the settlement - Client was happy to hear this & glad to be moving closer to wrapping this up. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: June 28 2023

## 13:06:39

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:05:47

Client deposition was completed - Client called back in & asked if Def would still be responsible for the weeks of TTD since termination in May - Advised that yes, they would still be responsible for those week and they will be calculated into the settlement - Client was happy to hear this & glad to be moving closer to wrapping this up. #cc

## 13:03:30

__New Voice Message from ASHBY KEEVEN (502) 416-7246 on 06/28/2023 11:50 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 28 Jun 2023 15:50:15 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ASHBY KEEVEN (502) 416-7246 
*Received:* Wednesday, June 28, 2023 at 11:50 AM 
*Length:* 00:19 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Mr. Reno, this is can I just left? But I had a big question that I meant 
to ask and I would like to ask that question if possible. Um, you can reach 
me at 524-16-7246. Thanks." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
