---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-27"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-27

**Case:** [[cases/amaree-stewart-premise-06-17-2022/amaree-stewart-premise-06-17-2022|Amaree Stewart Premise 06/17/2022]]

## 16:59:31

__#1609-GL-23-0500135 for Amaree Stewart, minor__
From: "Gurley, Trisha"  [Trisha_Gurley@corvel.com](mailto:Trisha_Gurley@corvel.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2022 20:53:47 +0000

Please see attached.

Trisha Gurley | Senior Liability Specialist
CORVEL Corporation | Dallas Liability
10000 N. Central Expressway, Ste 300 | Dallas, TX 75231
Office Phone 972-383-1724 | Fax 877-292-6088
Trisha_Gurley@COVEL.com | www.corvel.com

Intentionally providing false information in pursuit of insurance claims or claim payments is criminal. Please follow this link for your state specific information:  https://www.corvel.com/state-legislation/claim-fraud-warnings/

**Confidentiality Notice:  This e-mail communication and any attachments may contain confidential and privileged information for the use of the designated recipients named above.  Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and delete the original message and destroy all copies.

## 16:54:44

Per FG Client completed Treatment - Have had issues reaching adjuster - Per CS note He spoke with Adjuster on 12/08 - She was to be sending over requests - Still not received - Called Adjuster - She actually answered - Advised we are still awaiting LOR Ack & Request from 12/08 - Adjuster became defensive and stated she has already sent this stuff several times - Advised we have not received anything & requested her to verify where she sent Info - She was not able to verify at 1st but then stated our current address - Requested she send documents to my email directly - She asked if we were going to send Demand - Advised Client finished treatment today - She made a comment that "I hope its not too expensive because I have seen the fall and it didn't seem too bad" - Advised Injuries can not be properly evaluated from video alone & Requested she send copy of video - She became defensive again stating she did not have to send - Advised she does at least have to preserve the video & send it if it a subpoena is sent - She stated we can only send subpoena if we file suit - Further stating only an Attorney can send one - Advised I worked for the attorney and if proper settlement is achievable we can & will file suit. - She stated she will send request to her client about releasing video #BIAdj

## 16:17:15

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:42:56

Hello. This is Ashley side of Michael Stewart's mom this message is for our way. We are up to say happy holidays to you on my Christmas happy new year and I just want to let you all know that on mine has been released from Doctor Mackay as of Friday that you said he did his last visit with from his original orthopedic Doctor and it was this Friday. They just said it was with the hand and arm Festival you could give me a call if I do not answer you could send a text message. I'll leave a voicemail and I will give you all a call back my number is 502-712-6221 thanks bye."
Ring Central msg left by Ms Todd. Also called her and left vm#cc

## 04:41:58

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-12-27 08:38:00.109000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 5027126221 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 712-6221, Personal Mobile:(502) 712-6221 

Caller Name: Asgelia Todd 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6009083 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hello. This is Ashley side of Michael Stewart's mom this message is for our way. We are up to say happy holidays to you on my Christmas happy new year and I just want to let you all know that on mine has been released from Doctor Mackay as of Friday that you said he did his last visit with from his original orthopedic Doctor and it was this Friday. They just said it was with the hand and arm Festival you could give me a call if I do not answer you could send a text message. I'll leave a voicemail and I will give you all a call back my number is 502-712-6221 thanks bye.
