---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-06

**Case:** [[cases/tymon-brown-mva-07-28-2022/tymon-brown-mva-07-28-2022|Tymon Brown MVA 07/28/2022]]

## 11:05:41

__New Insurance Note:__ 12/15/22 PIP is accepting coverage.  Could be UM coverage still. Waiting on it.  No UM on the vehicle but there is on another household vehicle. That will likely cover. Jacob is not PIP adjuster.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Sarena

## 11:04:36

Recvd Exhausted PIP Log #PIP #PIPExhausted

## 11:04:23

__[Encrypt] Payment log attached.__
From:  [home.clms-services.914b00@statefarm.com](mailto:home.clms-services.914b00@statefarm.com)
To:  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 5 Jun 2023 21:25:45 +0000

You’ve received a secure message from State Farm®. If this is your first Proofpoint secure message, a new account will need to be created prior to opening any messages. Click here https://pe-encrypt.statefarm.com/formpostdir/securereader?id=NP_8SUaHH50KC72hd-bn3JJhlmhWlfEI&brand=3993e80ababa08f55  by 2023-08-09 21:25 UTC to read your message.    Please do not reply to this message with confidential information. If you wish to reply, use the REPLY feature within the secure message.    Secure Messages are only stored for 65 days. If you need to keep a message for a longer duration, please use the Save As function after opening the email to create a local copy. Please note saving a message will remove the protections. Ensure you are properly securing any encrypted message you save.    If you’re having technical issues, contact our Customer Care Center (CCC) at 888-559-1922.  Please ask the representative to include “Proofpoint” in the ticket description.    Thank you for choosing State Farm. We appreciate your business!
