---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-03

**Case:** [[cases/amanda-shivers-mva-1-10-2021/amanda-shivers-mva-1-10-2021|Amanda Shivers MVA 1/10/2021]]

## 13:42:40

@jchumbley Defense Counsel called stating this was settled w/Geico but he needs settlement amounts and other information - Do not see any notes as such - Also Client Called looking for status - I see Demand went out 12/19 & offer recvd 12/21 - Anything I can relay to either of them?

## 13:45:25

__New Voice Message from (502) 900-5352 on 01/02/2023 3:07 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 2 Jan 2023 20:07:13 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (502) 900-5352 
*Received:* Monday, January 02, 2023 at 3:07 PM 
*Length:* 00:32 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hello, Mr. Rena this is Amanda shriver. I can be reached at 50295253. I'm 
calling about my case it has been two drawn out long years. I have not got 
nothing. I haven't got a text email or call or anything. I will like to 
know what's going on with my case. It's been two years. Thank you and I 
look forward to a call back today. Hopefully thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 13:41:13

Recvd call from DC Atzinger - Looking for settlement information - Advised I do not show it as settled - Will reach out to AW & JC for settlement information #Lit #DC

## 10:41:30

" Hello, Ms. Faye this is Amanda shavers. I can be reached at 502905356. I'm calling about my case because it has been two drawn out long years and I haven't received anything or any update I would like to know what's going on with my case and my payment. Thank you and have a great new year. #cc
