---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-26"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-26

**Case:** [[cases/edwinna-eley-premise-04-02-2022-dollar-general/edwinna-eley-premise-04-02-2022-dollar-general|Edwinna Eley Premise 04/02/2022 (Dollar General)]]

## 11:00:47

Sent LOR & Preservation Ltr to Def Dollar General via Cert Mail
USPS: 7018-1830-0002-2504-2739

## 10:59:38

Recvd Client response - saved DL & Passport card in Intake Folder - Client Confirmed location of Dollar General was on Rockford Lane 40216

## 10:19:23

__Doller general fall__
From: Edwinna McGruder  [mcgruder_edwinna@yahoo.com](mailto:mcgruder_edwinna@yahoo.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 26 Apr 2022 14:18:13 +0000 (UTC)



Hello I fell at the doller general on Rockford lane Louisville ky 40216.

Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android

## 10:11:12

Recvd call from Conduent - Looking for LOR - Transferred call to JC

## 09:31:57

Still have not received updated driver's license or health insurance cards - Still need address or street name of location - Sent follow up email to Client #cc

## 09:30:32

__Re: Doller General fall__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Edwinna McGruder  [mcgruder_edwinna@yahoo.com](mailto:mcgruder_edwinna@yahoo.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 26 Apr 2022 09:29:55 -0400

Good morning Edwinna,
   Can you please send over the updated copy of your driver's license and
your health insurance cards? Also I still need the address or street name
that the Dollar General is located at.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Apr 21, 2022 at 11:45 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good afternoon Edwinna,
>    We just need a couple more things. Can you please send us the address
> of the Dollar General or at least the street name? Also, we need to get
> updated copies of your Driver's License and Passport Health Insurance
> cards. You are welcome to send them as a reply to this email .
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Thu, Apr 21, 2022 at 10:51 AM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good morning Edwinna,
>> Thank you for the documents and pictures. I will add these to your file
>> and send out our letters of representation. Please be sure to keep us
>> updated on any related medical treatment you receive and be sure to let
>> your physician's know that these records need to be flagged from your prior
>> injury treatment. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us
>> to discuss them in further detail.
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>>
>> On Thu, Apr 21, 2022 at 10:13 AM Edwinna McGruder <
>> mcgruder_edwinna@yahoo.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Good morning here are some of the pictures and other information that I
>>> have for you do to my incident sorry that I'm just not able to get this
>>> stuff to you as I recent conversation I just got out the hospital and was
>>> not feeling good have a blessed day sorry for the nude pitchurs my whole
>>> lower back was injured as well.
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>>
>>> Sent from Yahoo Mail on Android
>>> 
>>>
>>
