---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-06

**Case:** [[cases/edwinna-eley-premise-04-02-2022-dollar-general/edwinna-eley-premise-04-02-2022-dollar-general|Edwinna Eley Premise 04/02/2022 (Dollar General)]]

## 09:42:27

__Edwinna Eley viewed Thank you for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 05 Apr 2022 14:54:54 -0700

Hello Edwinna Eley,   

At 4/5/2022 2:54:54 PM PDT, Edwinna Eley opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley S&F Client Intake Packet - Adult.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=1c4f6b35-93c7-4c0a-aa15-e2faabf1fe7d

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10yM0eicW566qr4Dp5zKdEF5bjSuZI3IcSYNdgdgHMHsDTz86HKTHymx4s-5teAizqPU3FbQK0SsJ0mKbXWQOA2i_ijaI8CCOwnz5Ec0x7x18yNKnpXFwPdE41qztZqG3Dbzqa_16AGoGvojJMJgVhemnsa5XQrThYYYyqKqS7wWPkOf-PJnHa7-LLisZ40R2AbJDdFh-J86PsrP2q_akaFeUoeVICzdVwdFMHInJskkB5ju5YRMXid5i-1ymKaWT7LXfsH70ECfJ7us8CrNeFx9ms8fQz5ZQ00Jc-baNX-K424D3nHJlQ8liR6yFQX9LpXONcElMM58NvDo4FeJC1pMEQN2uOKdBFKjkE1Mi7yi20WrHo9u8V5YTe2bdh7bjI3U_vpbYZMdkghSxs8PKoCAU9OQ2YKARfnpHKw9xRItc95EmR-QSbPechcSlyT9wM&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing
