---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-31"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-31

**Case:** [[cases/beverly-coke-keown-mva-7-25-2023/beverly-coke-keown-mva-7-25-2023|Beverly Coke-Keown MVA 7/25/2023]]

## 16:10:47

__New Insurance Note:__ 08/31 update new adjuster info
__Insurance Type:__ Uninsured Motorist (UM)
__Insurance Company:__ Erie Insurance Group
__Written by:__ Jessa

## 16:09:06

__Fwd: New Voice Message from ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4989 on 08/31/2023 11:26 AM__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BeverlyCokeKownMVAZ3865818@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BeverlyCokeKownMVAZ3865818@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 31 Aug 2023 16:08:48 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Thu, Aug 31, 2023 at 11:26?AM
Subject: New Voice Message from ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4989 on 08/31/2023
11:26 AM
To: Jessa Galosmo 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Jessa Galosmo,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ERIE INSURANCE (859) 219-4989
*Received:* Thursday, August 31, 2023 at 11:26 AM
*Length:* 00:38
*To:* (502) 357-9975 Jessa Galosmo

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, this is Katrina with Erie Insurance. I am calling you back about Miss
Beverly Co. Ken, the new adjuster, the you m you I am adjusted is handling
this premium is Ray Shana Shelby. Her phone number is 859-219-4914. Um, I
did request a copy for the transcribed recorded statement. So once she gets
that, she should be able to send it. Feel free to reach out there if you
have any questions, if you need to email her. It is first name, last name
at Erie Inst. Have a good day."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
