---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-15

**Case:** [[cases/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023|Vakeisha Knight MVA 7/26/2023]]

## 14:22:13

__New Insurance Note:__ 9/15 Adjuster sent an email stating that they will be accepting only 80% liability for this accident and the resulting damages. Based on their investigation, it appears that our client's vehicle was going at an excessive speed and this played a role in the accident. They will need to know where Ms. Terrell vehicle is as they will need it to remove it from the storage location if it is incurring storage.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ Auto Owners Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea Madayag
 #Inotes

## 14:21:17

__Re: 3004823792023__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Vo.Shawn@aoins.com](mailto:Vo.Shawn@aoins.com) Vo, Shawn
Date: Fri, 15 Sep 2023 14:16:33 -0400

Hi Shawn,

This is noted. I will ask our client about the location of the vehicle and
get back to you once I obtain information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 1:55?PM Vo, Shawn  wrote:

> Coleen,
>
>
>
> After reviewing the video footage and other supporting documents, we will
> be accepting only 80% liability for this accident and the resulting
> damages. Based off our investigation, it appears that your clients vehicle
> was going an excessive speed and this played a role in the accident.
>
>
>
> Moving forward, I will need to know where Ms. Terrell vehicle is as we
> will need it to remove it from the storage location if it is incurring
> storage.
>
>
> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
> lexington branch
>
> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
> f: 859-971-4210
> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>
> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 11:51 AM
> *To:* Vo, Shawn 
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] Re: 3004823792023
>
>
>
> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's vehicle
> at this moment? Is that correct? Thank you. Respectfully, Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm Ph: (502)450-9495 Fax: (502)364-9363 coleen@
> whaleylawfirm. com On Fri, Sep
>
> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's vehicle
> at this moment? Is that correct?
>
>
>
> Thank you.
>
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
>
> On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 11:33?AM Vo, Shawn  wrote:
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> Can you please provide me the location of the vehicle?
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
> lexington branch
>
> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
> f: 859-971-4210
> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>
> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 10:32 AM
> *To:* Vo, Shawn ; Lexington.Clm <
> Lexington.Clm@aoins.com>
> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 3004823792023
>
>
>
> Hi, Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know
> if you were able to access it. Thank you. https: //drive. google.
> com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing Respectfully,
> Coleen Madayag Whaley Law FirmPh:
>
> Hi,
>
>
>
> Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know if
> you were able to access it. Thank you.
> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing
> 
>
>
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
