---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-13

**Case:** [[cases/james-snoddy-mva-4-24-2023/james-snoddy-mva-4-24-2023|James Snoddy MVA 4/24/2023]]

## 11:59:16

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client, no answer. Tried calling again, to obtain a copy of his paystubs to be submitted to PIP and to check as well an update on his treatment. He stated that he was fired after the accident, so he cannot reach out to his previous employer to obtain that info. He also mentioned that he's actively seeing medical provider for treatment. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: July 13 2023

## 11:39:33

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 11:29:54

__Fwd: Delivery Status Notification (Delay)__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JamesSnoddyMVAZ3718183@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamesSnoddyMVAZ3718183@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 13 Jul 2023 11:28:29 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Mail Delivery Subsystem 
Date: Thu, Jul 13, 2023 at 10:35?AM
Subject: Delivery Status Notification (Delay)
To: 


[image: Error Icon]
Delivery incomplete
There was a temporary problem delivering your message to
*snoddyjames3@gmail.com*. Gmail will retry for 46 more hours. You'll be
notified if the delivery fails permanently.
LEARN MORE 
The response was:

452 4.2.2 The email account that you tried to reach is over quota. Please
direct the recipient to https://support.google.com/mail/?p=OverQuotaTemp
x19-20020a170902e05300b001b80c5ab830sor2226614plx.20 - gsmtp



---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
To: snoddyjames3@gmail.com
Cc:
Bcc:
Date: Wed, 12 Jul 2023 08:53:19 -0400
Subject: Whaley Law Firm - Following up on your paystubs and checking
treatment status
Hi Mr. Snoddy,

I hope this email finds you well. This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm.
We're unable to reach you by phone. I just want to follow up on your
paystubs or a letter from your employer to confirm employment and salary.
We just need this information/documents to be submitted to Allstate
Insurance. You can send it here.

I just want to check as well, how's your treatment going? Are you still
seeing your medical providers for treatment? Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
