---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-02

**Case:** [[cases/james-snoddy-mva-4-24-2023/james-snoddy-mva-4-24-2023|James Snoddy MVA 4/24/2023]]

## 15:31:56

__Re: 17-48T0-92N__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com) HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS
Date: Tue, 2 May 2023 15:31:26 -0400

Hi Lyn Zangmeister,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I spoke with you earlier regarding
our client Mr. James Snoddy. You mentioned that you will contact him to
discuss the property damage. He just called and I provided him with your
contact information. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

On Tue, May 2, 2023 at 10:32?AM HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS <
statefarmclaims@statefarm.com> wrote:

> statefarm.com?
> 
> ------------------------------
>
>
>
>
>
> State Farm
>
>
>
> *FOR INTERNAL STATE FARM USE ONLY - *
>
> Contains *CONFIDENTIAL* information which may not be disclosed without
> express written authorization.
>
>
>
> Be rewarded with Drive Safe and Save? Discounts! To learn more about Drive
> Safe and Save?, contact a State Farm? agent or visit
> sf.com/drivesafeandsave
> .
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>

## 15:25:32

Client called in and asked for the person he talked to earlier-Transferred to Coleen

## 15:22:04

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Client called, asking for an update on his case and his car that was totaled out about 35,000. Provided him the contact information for Ms. Lyn Zangmeister, a claim specialist that I spoke with earlier this morning regarding on discussing the property damage with client. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: May 02 2023

## 15:21:42

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 15:18:03

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/2 Received Ack from BI. Insurance called to make sure we received the email and asked a few questions about claims. She mentioned that she will contact as well Mr. James Snoddy to discuss the property damage.
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 15:02:27

Mr Snoddy returned Coleen's call - transferred to her #cc

## 10:56:11

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/2 Received Ack from BI. Insurance called to make sure we received the email and asked a few questions about claims
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 10:48:14

__Fwd: 17-48T0-92N__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JamesSnoddyMVAZ3718183@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamesSnoddyMVAZ3718183@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 2 May 2023 10:47:25 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: HOME CLMS-STATEFARMCLAIMS 
Date: Tue, May 2, 2023 at 10:32?AM
Subject: 17-48T0-92N
To: COLEEN@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM 


statefarm.com?

------------------------------





State Farm



*FOR INTERNAL STATE FARM USE ONLY - *

Contains *CONFIDENTIAL* information which may not be disclosed without
express written authorization.



Be rewarded with Drive Safe and Save? Discounts! To learn more about Drive
Safe and Save?, contact a State Farm? agent or visit sf.com/drivesafeandsave
.
