---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-07

**Case:** [[cases/jasmine-washington-premise-08-10-2022/jasmine-washington-premise-08-10-2022|Jasmine Washington Premise 08/10/2022]]

## 11:01:29

__New Voice Message from JASMINE WASHING (404) 821-0896 on 09/06/2022 3:50 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 6 Sep 2022 19:51:25 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* JASMINE WASHING (404) 821-0896 
*Received:* Tuesday, September 06, 2022 at 3:50 PM 
*Length:* 00:17 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Jasmine Washington. I was just calling to touch base 
with you if you could please give me a call back my number is area code 
404-821-0896. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
