---
case_slug: debra-marshall
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:04:30.435000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2023-12-07
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2022-12-03-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Debra-Marshall-MVA-12-3-2022/Litigation/2023-12-07-Debra-Marshall-Litigation-Court-Notice-of-Returned-Efiling.eml
source_hash: sha256:a06a740ad4f715a1f463481a63524ba542f889224ac5eb60a89c5de70b5be96f
---

Subject: NCP - RETURNED (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit , MARSHALL,  DEBRA VS. REED,  JASMINE Envelope # 6996362
From: [EMAIL-4]
To: [EMAIL-3], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-3]
Date: 2023-12-07T14:06:54-05:00
Notification of Court Processing

Your submission for Envelope 6996362 has been denied for the following reason:

Note from Clerk to Filer: This case is a Barren Co. Circuit Court case

These item(s) must be resolved and resubmitted to the Circuit Clerk by December 11, 2023 at 11:59PM Eastern

No payment was collected for this efiling. eFiling transactions are preauthorized at the time of envelope submission but not finalized until clerk acceptance. Payment will be required upon resubmission of the envelope.

Date and Time Returned: December 07, 2023 at 2:05PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: MARSHALL, DEBRA VS. REED, JASMINE

Envelope Number: 6996362

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]

Scheduled Event:
No scheduled events

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
COMPLAINT / PETITION: COMPLAINT
INTERROGATORIES & REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCUMENTS: DISCOVERY REQUESTS

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=6996362

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=4C9F1C91-BC0E-4C96-A546-696B31FC67F4

You may file subsequent case matters at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=6996362

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
