---
case_slug: debra-marshall
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:04:34.337000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2024-10-11
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2022-12-03-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Debra-Marshall-MVA-12-3-2022/Litigation/2024-10-11-Debra-Marshall-Litigation-Court-Notice-of-Denied-eFiling-Submission.eml
source_hash: sha256:b806f15eb2f6a67437e56cc6fb651279f5da6dec239720373cb813ab00bc0444
---

Subject: NCP - RETURNED BARREN 23-CI-00659, MARSHALL, DEBRA VS. REED, JASMINE Envelope # 9019763
From: [EMAIL-1]
To: [EMAIL-5], SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM, [EMAIL-4]
Date: 2024-10-11T13:46:54-04:00
Notification of Court Processing

Your submission for Envelope 9019763 has been denied for the following reason:

These item(s) must be resolved and resubmitted to the Circuit Clerk by October 15, 2024 at 11:59PM Eastern

If you are entitled to a monetary refund, please contact the BARREN Circuit Court Clerk.

Date and Time Returned: October 11, 2024 at 1:45PM Eastern

eFiler: ROSS, PATRICK A (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: BARREN (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: MARSHALL, DEBRA VS. REED, JASMINE

Case Number: 23-CI-00659

Envelope Number: 9019763

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Ross, Patrick A - [EMAIL-5]

Scheduled Event:
MOTION HOUR scheduled for [DOB-6] at 9:00 AM ET in room , with HON. JOHN T. ALEXANDER

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ANSWER TO INTERROGATORY & RESPONSE TO REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCS: JASMINE REED ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES AND REQUES
ANSWER TO INTERROGATORY & RESPONSE TO REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCS: PHOTOS INCLUDED W/ ANSWERS TO INTERROGATORIES
INTERROGATORIES: JASMINE REED DECLARATION PAGES INCLUDED IN ANSWERS
ANSWER TO INTERROGATORY & RESPONSE TO REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION OF DOCS: JASMINE REED POLICY PAGES INCLUDED IN ANSWERS

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=8AFBF58A-3E20-4C93-A101-E36D3CC56E6D

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
