---
case_slug: debra-marshall
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:04:33.266000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2024-10-10
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2022-12-03-MVA-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Debra-Marshall-MVA-12-3-2022/Litigation/2024-10-10-Debra-Marshall-Litigation-Court-Rejected-Motion-to-Compel-Notice.eml
source_hash: sha256:484f3cf83f357f2c187b993f536362f16d6d00a8228488066bcf2189431693b6
---

Subject: NCP - RETURNED (for eFiler) BARREN 23-CI-00659, MARSHALL, DEBRA VS. REED, JASMINE Envelope # 9011568
From: [EMAIL-5]
To: [EMAIL-4], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-3]
Date: 2024-10-10T15:42:54-04:00
Notification of Court Processing

Your submission for Envelope 9011568 has been denied for the following reason:

Note from Clerk to Filer: The requested date of October 21, 2024 is unavailable. We do not have court that day. The next available court date is Nov 4th, Nov 18th or Nov 25th. please reschedule such motion for one of these dates.

These item(s) must be resolved and resubmitted to the Circuit Clerk by October 14, 2024 at 11:59PM Eastern

If you are entitled to a monetary refund, please contact the BARREN Circuit Court Clerk.

Date and Time Returned: October 10, 2024 at 3:42PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: BARREN (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: MARSHALL, DEBRA VS. REED, JASMINE

Case Number: 23-CI-00659

Envelope Number: 9011568

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Ross, Patrick A - [EMAIL-5]

Scheduled Event:
No scheduled events

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO COMPEL
 EXHIBIT
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=9011568

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=E28C2718-EAA6-42A5-9F47-E7F91018F206

You may file subsequent case matters at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=9011568

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
