---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-15

**Case:** [[cases/robert-hutchings-mva-04-11-2022/robert-hutchings-mva-04-11-2022|Robert Hutchings MVA 04/11/2022]]

## 14:34:50

Recvd A+ Chiro VM from AW - Called Nicky - Provided Claim Information - Also attempted to call Client for tx update - Unable to LVM as VM is full #cc #MB

## 14:33:10

__Fwd: New Voice Message from A+ CHIROPRACTIC (502) 364-7246 on 08/15/2022 2:08 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 15 Aug 2022 14:25:20 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Mon, Aug 15, 2022 at 2:08 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from A+ CHIROPRACTIC (502) 364-7246 on
08/15/2022 2:08 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* A+ CHIROPRACTIC (502) 364-7246
*Received:* Monday, August 15, 2022 at 2:08 PM
*Length:* 00:41
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Mister Bailey. This is Nicky. I'm giving you a call from a postcard
practice. I'm calling in regards to a Mr. Robert Hutchings looks like you
had an accident April 19th, he had mentioned that he was represented by you
guys. I was just calling to see if you all had any claim information on him
and then if you can just give us a call back my phone number is
502-364-7246 and again. My name is Nicky calling on Mr. Robert Hutchings.
Looks like date of accident is April the 19th of 2022. Thank you. Bye bye."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
