---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-24

**Case:** [[cases/rajean-clay-mva-04-11-2022/rajean-clay-mva-04-11-2022|Rajean Clay MVA 04/11/2022]]

## 11:17:09

__[Uber] Re: Motor Vehicle Collision Claim Information Request__
From: "Ashleigh (Uber Claim Support)"  [claims@uber.com](mailto:claims@uber.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 24 Aug 2022 03:29:32 +0000

--------------------

Your request (254973307) has been updated. To add additional comments, reply to this email.
----------------------------------------------

Ashleigh, Aug 23, 2022, 20:29 PDT

Thank you for your email, Sarena.

We would be happy to review your request, however, we require additional information. In order to provide you with the most accurate status information, please provide as much of the following as possible.

#### Information for the *driver* alleged to be using the Uber platform: 
   Name
   Plate Number

#### Information for the *rider* alleged to be using the Uber platform: 
   Phone: 
   Email: 
   A copy of their trip receipt: 

#### **Facts of Loss:** 
Time of Loss

Please also provide a copy of the police report, if one is available. 

--
**Ashleigh**
[help.uber.com](https://help.uber.com)

----------------------------------------------

Sarena Tuttle, Aug 22, 2022, 10:35 PDT

Good afternoon,

   Our office represents Rajean Clay for any and all claims arising from a motor vehicle collision on or about April 11, 2022. Our client was a passenger in an Uber vehicle that was struck by a white car at I-264W & Dumensil in Louisville, KY on the above referenced date.

     Unfortunately, the Uber Driver did not speak English and our client was unable to get his name. The accident was reported to the Louisville Metro Police Department under report number: 8022019302.

      Please provide our office with the claim number and a copy of any and all policies related to this incident. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss this matter in further detail.



Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Lane

Louisville, KY 40222

D: (502) 357-9971

O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104

E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com

(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

--------------------------------
This email is a service from Uber.









[YD6ERZ-GPOEV]
