---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-21

**Case:** [[cases/samuel-mack-mva-1-23-2023/samuel-mack-mva-1-23-2023|Samuel Mack MVA 1/23/2023]]

## 11:03:17

__Re: Samuel Mack doi 1/23/2023__
From: Stephanie Hix  [stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2023 10:01:55 -0500

Thank you!
Thanks,

Stephanie

****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.


On Tue, Feb 21, 2023 at 10:00 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Stephanie,
>       I see that we have declined to represent Mr. Mack any further due to
> no BI Insurance. However, a JCC Request was sent & looks like Mr. Mack
> should have PIP coverage under Allstate Policy 835576936. You are welcome
> to reach out to Allstate for additional claim information & remove our
> office as representation.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Feb 21, 2023 at 9:53 AM Stephanie Hix <
> stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com> wrote:
>
>> Good Morning,
>>
>> Checking to see if you have PIP information for Mr. Mack?
>>
>>
>> Thanks,
>>
>> Stephanie
>>
>> ****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
>> PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****
>>
>>
>> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
>> intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
>> or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
>> distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
>> contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.
>>
>

## 11:02:51

__Re: Samuel Mack doi 1/23/2023__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Stephanie Hix  [stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com)
CC: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2023 10:00:43 -0500

Good morning Stephanie,
      I see that we have declined to represent Mr. Mack any further due to
no BI Insurance. However, a JCC Request was sent & looks like Mr. Mack
should have PIP coverage under Allstate Policy 835576936. You are welcome
to reach out to Allstate for additional claim information & remove our
office as representation.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Feb 21, 2023 at 9:53 AM Stephanie Hix 
wrote:

> Good Morning,
>
> Checking to see if you have PIP information for Mr. Mack?
>
>
> Thanks,
>
> Stephanie
>
> ****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
> PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
> intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
> or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
> distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
> contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.
>

## 11:02:25

__Samuel Mack doi 1/23/2023__
From: Stephanie Hix  [stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com](mailto:stephanieh@mysynergyrehab.com)
To: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 21 Feb 2023 09:52:56 -0500

Good Morning,

Checking to see if you have PIP information for Mr. Mack?


Thanks,

Stephanie

****PLEASE SEND ALL RECORDS REQUEST (SYNERGY INJURY CARE AND THE STATE
PHARMACY) TO RECORDS@MYSYNERGYREHAB.COM ****


CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email message is for the sole use of the
intended recipient(s) and may contain sensitive and privileged information
or otherwise be protected by law. Any unauthorized review,use,disclosure or
distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please
contact the sender and destroy all copies of the original message.

## 11:02:05

Recvd PIP Request from State Pharm - Advised Declined Rep - Provided Allstate (PIP) Policy Information for her to follow up on for payment #Provider #PIP
