---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-16"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-16

**Case:** [[cases/shereka-chappell-mva-8-1-2023/shereka-chappell-mva-8-1-2023|Shereka Chappell MVA 8/1/2023]]

## 11:28:33

@coleen Client sent screenshots of lyft ride via text. See if you can get a claim opened

## 11:25:16

Send that info here

## 12:25:53

Insurance Company Added

## 10:31:22

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Client called in to Ms. Faye, then transferred to me. Client stated that there were no police responded on the day of the accident and no police report has been made. She mentioned that she went to the ER at UofL Hospital and prescribed her medicine for pain, but she cannot afford to buy it. She is really in pain and her back is extremely hurting. She stated that the chiropractic that she's trying to go to won't allow her to schedule an appointment unless she can get a police report. But she mentioned she will look for another chiro and if we can recommend any chiro/medical provider as well for treatment because she's in a lot of pain.

She also gave a brief description of the accident. She stated that the driver of the uber is recklessly driving, and he always stops to fix his GPS. She mentioned that she can just tell him that she can show the way to her work, but the driver won't listen. The driver was going fast at a green light. He went over two potholes and my head hit the top. It happened at  6th and Broadway, Louisville, Kentucky. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: August 16 2023

## 10:11:05

Faye Gaither 
10:07?AM (0 minutes ago)
to Justin
I transferred her to Coleen - and Coleen spoke with her and then client called back and asked for JC - sent JC email to call her.  She said she is handicapped and needed some case information - Justin will you give her a call please - I am not sure how to help her. Thanks #cc
Faye

## 11:26:01

New Lien added

## 10:31:05

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:11:52

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to return client call. no answer 
__Person Making Contact:__ Justin
__Date & Time__: August 16 2023

## 10:11:22

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:10:45

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:00:06

A call for Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-08-16 13:47:06.665000+00:00 . #inboundcall

Caller Info: 5025463867 

Caller ID: 502-546-3867 

Caller Name: Shereka Chappell 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/17026801
