---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-20

**Case:** [[cases/morgan-freeman-mva-12-31-2021/morgan-freeman-mva-12-31-2021|Morgan Freeman MVA 12/31/2021]]

## 15:34:23

__NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-007854, INDIANA FARM BUREAU INSURANCE VS. FREEMAN, MORGAN D. Envelope # 7378298__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Bryce@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 20 Feb 2024 14:30:54 -0500

 Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: February 20, 2024 at 2:29PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: INDIANA FARM BUREAU INSURANCE VS. FREEMAN, MORGAN D.

Case Number: 23-CI-007854

Envelope Number: 7378298

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Clark, Craig Hazelet - chazeclark@gmail.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ANSWER

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=7378298

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=0FDBAA05-9A3F-47DB-8946-93B997F2AE04

You may file subsequent case matters at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Filing/?parentId=7378298

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 15:15:17

A call for Bryce  Koon was logged at 2024-02-20 19:07:12.294000+00:00 . #inboundcall

Caller Info: 8129146950 

Caller ID: Home:(812) 914-6950, Home:(812) 914-6950 

Caller Name: Morgan Freeman 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/13892620
