---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-01"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-01

**Case:** [[cases/stephanie-high-mva-7-25-2023/stephanie-high-mva-7-25-2023|Stephanie High MVA 7/25/2023]]

## 16:14:00

Hi Ms. Stephanie, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply/send information here. Thank you.

## 16:04:38

Contact Stephanie High at (502) 705-8449 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 16:11:44

Insurance Company Added

## 16:10:10

New Medical Provider Added

## 16:04:52

__Phase Changed By:__ Justin
__Old Status:__ Potential New Client
__New Status:__ File Setup

## 16:04:34

Phase Change: File Set Up

## 15:53:46

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Summary__
MVA - Def reversed out of a parking spot and struck p on the passenger side.
Shively Apartments Parking Lot 

Shively PD responded 

P said she accidentally gave the police her sisters ID and Shively Police has to amend the report. She did not have the report number.

Ems to Jewish Downtown 

__Incident Date__
7/25/2023

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Location of Accident__
Shively Apartments 

__Time of Accident__
6pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
MVA - Def reversed out of a parking spot and struck p on the passenger side.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
Neck, R shoulder, back and headaches 

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
Yes

__EMS Services__
Transport to Hospital

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Date of Visit__
7/25/2023

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Starlight Chiropractic

__First Date of Treatment__
8/1/2023

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Safe Auto Insurance Company

__Claim Number__
230623156

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2020 Jeep Compass

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Full Duty

__Job Title__
Property Manager 

__Rate of Pay__
18.25

__Per:__
Hour

__BI Claim Number__
Unsure 

__BI Claim Status__
Pending

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Hyundai Sonata 

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Rear

__Fault Factors__
Def reversed into P

__What Type of Case is it?__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Were you injured?__
Yes

__Have you had any medical treatment for your injuries?__
Yes

__Is it someone else's fault?__
Yes

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 9:31:27 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5027058449 - Message:  - Attorney Aaron Whaley
THE WHALEY LAW FIRM
712 Lyndon Ln.
Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 9:40:07 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5027058449 - Message:  - Stephanie, I just sent over the link to our intake documents for you to e-sign along with a text that has all of our office info for your records. As soon as we receive your signed documents back, I will get it transferred over to the team and get the ball rolling on your claim. Thanks, have a lovely day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 9:57:17 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5027058449 - Message:  - Let me know if you didn’t receive it for some reason and I will resend. Thanks
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 12:51:53 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5027058449 - Message:  - Hey Stephanie, did you receive the link I sent over for you to e-sign? Looks like we haven’t received it back yet and I just wanted to make sure you received it. Thanks,
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 2:53:45 PM - From: +15027058449 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Can u call me I have a guestion
-----------------End Message-----------------
