---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-02"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-02

**Case:** [[cases/stephanie-high-mva-7-25-2023/stephanie-high-mva-7-25-2023|Stephanie High MVA 7/25/2023]]

## 13:19:08

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for Jewish Hospital

## 15:14:23

__Re: Stephanie High__
From: Gannon Middleton [connor.middleton@uoflhealth.org](mailto:connor.middleton@uoflhealth.org)
To: [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessica Bottorff, [ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org) ULH HIM ROI, [ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org) ULH Customer Service
Cc: [StephanieHighZ3855557@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephanieHighZ3855557@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 2 Nov 2023 19:14:14 +0000

Received


Gannon Middleton

ROI Tech

Health Information Management

UofL Health



[cid:ffd7cfc7-1576-4187-818b-f3d389be9dec]



________________________________
From: Jessica Bottorff 
Sent: Thursday, November 2, 2023 3:11 PM
To: ULH HIM ROI ; ULH Customer Service 
Cc: StephanieHighZ3855557@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com 
Subject: Stephanie High


SECURITY ALERT! This message is from an outside sender! Please review with caution and only open links you know are safe. Please click the ?Report Phishing? button on your tool bar to report this message to the security team for review.

________________________________



Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, Stephanie High.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm

## 15:12:21

Request for records & bills e-mailed to UofL Health - Jewish Hospital

## 15:12:01

__Stephanie High__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org), [ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHcustomerservice@uoflhealth.org) ULH Customer Service
Cc: [StephanieHighZ3855557@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:StephanieHighZ3855557@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 2 Nov 2023 15:11:44 -0400

Attached is a request for records & bills on our client, Stephanie High.

Thanks!

The Whaley Law Firm

## 13:24:16

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client, she stated that she was also seen at UofL Health – Jewish Hospital, but she stated that the hospital didn't do anything for her. Will also request records and bills to check. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: November 02 2023

## 13:04:01

@coleen Starlite records indicate client went to Jewish Hospital. Please confirm with client and what location and add to medical tab

## 13:24:01

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:19:04

New Medical Provider Added

## 13:15:11

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-11-02 17:06:40.509000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5027058449 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(502) 705-8449, Personal Mobile:(502) 705-8449 

Caller Name: Stephanie High 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/16988106
