---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-01

**Case:** [[cases/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023|Vakeisha Knight MVA 7/26/2023]]

## 10:34:29

Contact Vakeisha Knight at (502) 915-4732 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 10:37:26

PR saved to file. @coleen Need CC request on Unit 1

## 10:39:52

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for UofL Health St. Mary & Elizabeth  Mary & Elizabeth Hospital

## 13:09:56

Hi Vakeisha, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We need a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. And if you have an active policy of your auto insurance. Please forward your car insurance info. Thank you.

## 16:33:58

__New Fax Message from JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906 on 08/01/2023 4:33 PM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 20:33:46 +0000 (UTC)





    






    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    JEFFERSON CTY C (502) 584-3906
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Tuesday, August 01, 2023 at 4:33 PM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    2
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc.,
                        20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 10:52:27

__Fwd: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 5843906 - Sent__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [VakeishaKnightZ3854786@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:VakeishaKnightZ3854786@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 10:50:46 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Aug 1, 2023 at 10:51?AM
Subject: Fax Message Transmission Result to +1 (502) 5843906 - Sent
To: Coleen Thea Madayag 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Fax Transmission Result
------------------------------

Here are the results of the 2-page fax you sent from your phone number *(502)
357-9939, Ext. 113*

*Name* *Phone Number* *Date and Time* *Result*
+1 (502) 5843906 Tuesday, August 01, 2023 at 10:51 AM Sent
*Your fax(es) included the following file(s), which were rendered into fax
format for transmission:*

*File Name* *Result*
CC Request for info on Unit 1.pdf Success
View this message on your RingCentral app
.


Thank you for using RingCentral!
------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 10:48:28

__Request for Information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [5025843906@rcfax.com](mailto:5025843906@rcfax.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 10:46:49 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 10:40:10

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:39:47

New Medical Provider Added

## 10:34:42

__Phase Changed By:__ Justin
__Old Status:__ Potential New Client
__New Status:__ File Setup

## 10:34:25

Phase Change: File Set Up

## 10:25:03

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Summary__
MVA - Def was going the same direction as P, traveling on the R side. def attempted a UTurn and struck P on the Passenger side.
Happened on Outerloop

LMPD responded, does not have any report info 

PL was a passenger
Drivers name Andrea Terrell

__Incident Date__
7/26/2023

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Jefferson

__Time of Accident__
2pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
MVA - Def was going the same direction as P, traveling on the R side. def attempted a UTurn and struck P on the Passenger side.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
Both knees, back, L arm is numb, loss of hearing on L side 

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
Yes

__EMS Services__
Transport to Hospital

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
UofL Health St. Mary & Elizabeth Mary & Elizabeth Hospital

__Date of Visit__
7/26/2023

__Is Client currently treating with a Doctor?__
Yes

__Who are they treating with?__
Starlight Chiropractic

__First Date of Treatment__
7/31/2023

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Claim Number__
No insurance 

__Claim Status__
Denied

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2004 Chevrolet Malibu

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Employed - Self

__Job Title__
Owner 

__Rate of Pay__
1500

__Per:__
Week

__BI Claim Number__
Unsure 

__BI Claim Status__
Pending

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
White car, unsure 

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def attempted a U turn into P passenger side 

__What Type of Case is it?__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Were you injured?__
Yes

__Have you had any medical treatment for your injuries?__
Yes

__Is it someone else's fault?__
Yes

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
8/1/2023 9:36:09 AM - Brandon French - Added lead in Pending Signup status / Appointment - Client was busy and said she would call me after her treatment 
-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:8/1/2023 10:20:35 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 5029154732 - Message:  - Ms. Knight, I just sent over the link to our intake documents for you to e-sign along with a text that has all of our office info for your records. As soon as we receive your signed documents back, I will get it transferred over to the team and get the ball rolling on your claim. Thanks, have a lovely day!

Attorney Aaron Whaley
THE WHALEY LAW FIRM
712 Lyndon Ln.
Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message-----------------
