---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-18

**Case:** [[cases/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023/vakeisha-knight-mva-7-26-2023|Vakeisha Knight MVA 7/26/2023]]

## 09:32:19

__Re: 3004823792023__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Vo.Shawn@aoins.com](mailto:Vo.Shawn@aoins.com) Vo, Shawn
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:27:37 -0400

Hi Shawn,

Just to give you an update. I'm still waiting for Ms. Andrea Terrell's
response for the location of the vehicle. I tried asking Vakeisha Knight,
also our client and the passenger on that day of the motor
vehicle accident, the last time she knew it was at Louisville Police
Impound/Louisville Metro Impound Lot. Still waiting for Ms. Terrell's
confirmation of the location. I also advised on the message I left to move
the vehicle in a location free of cost or residence. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 2:16?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Shawn,
>
> This is noted. I will ask our client about the location of the vehicle and
> get back to you once I obtain information. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 1:55?PM Vo, Shawn  wrote:
>
>> Coleen,
>>
>>
>>
>> After reviewing the video footage and other supporting documents, we will
>> be accepting only 80% liability for this accident and the resulting
>> damages. Based off our investigation, it appears that your clients vehicle
>> was going an excessive speed and this played a role in the accident.
>>
>>
>>
>> Moving forward, I will need to know where Ms. Terrell vehicle is as we
>> will need it to remove it from the storage location if it is incurring
>> storage.
>>
>>
>> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
>> lexington branch
>>
>> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
>> f: 859-971-4210
>> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>>
>> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
>> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 11:51 AM
>> *To:* Vo, Shawn 
>> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] Re: 3004823792023
>>
>>
>>
>> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's
>> vehicle at this moment? Is that correct? Thank you. Respectfully, Coleen
>> Madayag Whaley Law Firm Ph: (502)450-9495 Fax: (502)364-9363 coleen@
>> whaleylawfirm. com On Fri, Sep
>>
>> Just to confirm, you want to know the location of Andrea Terrell's
>> vehicle at this moment? Is that correct?
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you.
>>
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>>
>>
>> On Fri, Sep 15, 2023 at 11:33?AM Vo, Shawn  wrote:
>>
>> Hi,
>>
>>
>>
>> Can you please provide me the location of the vehicle?
>>
>>
>>
>> Thank you,
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *Shawn Vo *Associate Claim representative 1
>> lexington branch
>>
>> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 58178
>> f: 859-971-4210
>> e: lexington.clm@aoins.com
>>
>> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. EST
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
>> *Sent:* Friday, September 15, 2023 10:32 AM
>> *To:* Vo, Shawn ; Lexington.Clm <
>> Lexington.Clm@aoins.com>
>> *Subject:* [EXTERNAL] 3004823792023
>>
>>
>>
>> Hi, Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know
>> if you were able to access it. Thank you. https: //drive. google.
>> com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing Respectfully,
>> Coleen Madayag Whaley Law FirmPh:
>>
>> Hi,
>>
>>
>>
>> Please see attached link of video of the accident scene. Let me know if
>> you were able to access it. Thank you.
>> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ChYsttPXQnNhcV7WxEX-iFN_aAMJHUnJ/view?usp=sharing
>> 
>>
>>
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>>

## 09:23:42

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client, asked her if she know the location of the vehicle, she stated that the last thing she know it was at the Louisville Metro Impound Lot. But will also wait for Andrea Terrell response for a confirmation of the location, need to move the vehicle to a location free of cost or residence so there will be no extra storage charges/fees.

Asked client as well for an update on her treatment, she stated that she's still actively treating at Starlight Chiropractic.

She also asked for the documents need to fill out for lost wages. Sent file via email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 18 2023

## 09:23:25

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:09:25

__Lost Wage and Salary Documents__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [vakeishaknight4@gmail.com](mailto:vakeishaknight4@gmail.com)
Date: Mon, 18 Sep 2023 09:07:14 -0400

Hi Ms. Vakeisha,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. Please see attached file and fill
out the documents for your lost wages. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
