---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-20

**Case:** [[cases/keith-reynolds-mva-6-21-2022/keith-reynolds-mva-6-21-2022|Keith Reynolds MVA 6/21/2022]]

## 14:14:20

Contact Keith Reynolds at (606) 687-4592 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 14:11:05

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
Happened June of 2022, he is unsure the day
P said his vehicle had broken down and was being pulled by another vehicle. Def pulled out from the Dollar General parking lot and blocked on coming traffic. P said that he had no choice but to t-bone him.

Happened on Hwy 25 in London KY

KSP Responded, he will text us the PR later this evening

No EMS, went to St. Josephs in London ER
Went back to same ER a week later

Saw his PCP and she referred him to get an MRI
Was also referred to PT Solutions for PT

PIP: State Farm
Claim: 1736P772N

BI: Safe Auto
Claim: 220439201
Adjuster: Dylan Barnes

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Laurel

__Time of Accident__
11:30am

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
Def pulled out of parking lot in front of P an was blocking traffic

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Were pictures taken of the injuries?__
No

__Injury Notes__
R knee (had surgery 4 days before the wreck) neck, back

__Did EMS come to the scene?__
No

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Prior Injuries & Medical Notes:__
Had surgery on his R knee a week before the accident

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
State Farm Insurance Company

__Claim Number__
1736P772N

__Claim Status__
Accepted

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
2008 Chevrolet Silverado

__Has Property Damage been resolved?__
No

__Does Client need car fixed?__
Yes

__Pictures of Damages?__
Yes

__By Whom and Where__
P is texting us some

__Date Taken__
9/16/2022

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Front

__Employment Status:__
Disabled - SSA

__Type of Benefits__
Disability

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Safe Auto Insurance Company

__BI Claim Number__
220439201

__BI Claim Status__
Pending

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Small Toyota Sedan

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Driver's Side

__Fault Factors__
Def pulled out of parking lot in front of P an was blocking traffic

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
9/15/2022 6:23:17 PM - Aaron Whaley - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - Skipped automatic lead creation: Possible duplicate opportunity

----All posted information----
Email : keithreynolds62@gmail.com
First : Keith
LeadContactSource : motor vehicle injury
Phone : +16066874592
Summary : How:Truck Accident 
When: Within 1-3 Months
Injuries: Whiplash or Soft Tissue Neck and Back Pain
Attorney: No, I do not have an attorney
Description: My truck had broke down an my buddy's boy came bye an said he would pull me home I was just like 3 miles from home so he started pulling me home an this guy we got up to the dollar store an I don't know what he was thinking but pulled straight out in front of use side ways he was going in the opposite direction an stopped  an block the hole lane my buddy was somehow missed him he ran people off the road in the on coming traffic that was coming in the other on coming lane an when I got to him he had finished pulling all the way out an block the hole lane where there was nowhere  for me to go but hit him I stood on the brakes with my right leg that I just had surgery on like 5 days before that an been having a lot of pain an problems with it ever since an his insurance said that they was blaming me 40 percent for being pulled trying to give me 500 for my truck to fix I had an estimate done an it's 3000 to fix an they want to give me 500 for pain an suffering

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
9/16/2022 11:52:35 AM - Brandon French - Added note - intake complete. Waiting on e-sign

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 6:23:17 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 6066874592 - Message:  - Hello Keith Reynolds, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/15/2022 6:23:17 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: keithreynolds62@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Keith,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/16/2022 11:54:38 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 6066874592 - Message:  - Keith, you should have the link in your email now. As mentioned before, whenever you get home please text the damage photos along with the police report to this number. No rush, just a reminder. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/16/2022 12:00:18 PM - From: +16066874592 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - Yes it came through I'll check them out here in a few minutes appreciate buddy have a good I'll send the rest of them when I get home
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/16/2022 4:12:05 PM - From: +16066874592 - To: +15026773361 - Message:  - I haven't forgot about you I haven't made it home I haven't had time to read that stuff to sign it sorry about that but I will get it red and signed before tonight so it's been made it home okay appreciate it
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/16/2022 4:54:07 PM - From: 5026773361 - To: 6066874592 - Message:  - No worries at all.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/19/2022 10:34:46 AM - From: 5026773361 - To: 6066874592 - Message:  - Hello Keith, this message is being sent as a courtesy reminder that we have yet to receive your signed intake documents.
When time permits, please check your email and confirmed that you received them. Our team is excited to get rolling on your claim as soon those documents are completed and returned. If you have any questions, please give us a call. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisville, KY 40222
Office: (502) 583-4022
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:9/19/2022 10:34:55 AM - From: brandon@whaleylawfirm.com - To: keithreynolds62@gmail.com - Message: The Whaley Law Firm - Hello Keith, this message is being sent as a courtesy reminder that we have yet to receive your signed intake documents.
When time permits, please check your email and confirmed that you received them. Our team is excited to get rolling on your claim as soon those documents are completed and returned. If you have any questions, please give us a call. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln. Louisvil
