---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-08

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022|Kimberly Jenkins MVA 04/28/2022]]

## 12:50:31

__Re: 300-0236701-2022 - Kim Jenkins request for additional__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Rivera.Gabe@aoins.com](mailto:Rivera.Gabe@aoins.com) Rivera, Gabe, [kimberlyjenkinsz2261299@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:kimberlyjenkinsz2261299@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Kimberly Jenkins Dual WC/MVA 04/28/2022
Cc: [Lexington.Clm@aoins.com](mailto:Lexington.Clm@aoins.com) Lexington.Clm
Date: Fri, 8 Sep 2023 12:50:13 -0400

Gabe, I have attached the Chambers records and bills. Dr. Thomas Schroeder
is with Chambers and they provided treatment between 4/28 and 7/20.  I have
also attached all of the MRI reports that I have. I do not have any MRI
reports prior to the accident. Do you know of one?
I have attached the ED records as well.

On Fri, Sep 8, 2023 at 11:25?AM Rivera, Gabe  wrote:

> Mr. Whaley,
>
>
> Regarding Kim Jenkins.  I?m unable to find the following records I will
> need to complete our assessment of the demand.  Can you please provide the
> following:
>
>    - ED records from the DOL
>    - Was there any treatment between 4/28 and 7/20? Records if so.
>    - The ortho records indicate a referral from a Dr. Thomas Schroeder,
>    please provide those records.
>    - MRI reports, the dropbox link if they were contained within  were
>    unable to be retrieved
>    - Chambers medical records
>    - Imaging reports for the right shoulder before and after the DOL
>
>
>
> At this time I do not have enough information to present an offer. Once I
> get the requested info we can review further.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
> [image: cid:image008.png@01D7D231.56CE9A90]
>
>
>
> *Gabe Rivera*
>
> branch claim representative
>
> AUTO CLAIMS DEPARTMENT
>
> AUTO-OWNERS INSURANCE
> PO Box 910728
> Lexington, KY 40591
>
> p: 859-278-6181 ext. 54649
>
> f:  859-971-4210
>
> e: Lexington.clm@aoins.com
>
> hours: 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. EST
>
> [image: cid:image009.png@01D7D231.56CE9A90]
> 
>
> [image: cid:image010.png@01D7D231.56CE9A90]
> 
>
> *We have a **Customer Center*
> 
>
> *, so you can access your claim information; anytime, anywhere.*
>
>
>
> *If you have a large or secure file to send click **here*
> 
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:46:20

__Your IME Appointment Has CHANGED - Dr. Mike Heilig - 09/26/2023 11:00a__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: kim@thghotels.net 
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Fri, 8 Sep 2023 12:40:44 -0400

Good afternoon Kimberly,
    Please find attached your UPDATED Notice of Independent Medical Exam.
Unfortunately, Dr. Gerstle is not available in the near future, however, we
were able to keep your same appointment date with Dr. Heilig. Dr. Heilig's
office is located at 318 Highland Park Drive, Richmond, KY 40475. If you
have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to
discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 12:39:49

Recvd email from Brian at Commonwealth IME - Dr. Gerstle no longer available but they are not able to change their website - they are looking for a new web company - Appt reset for same day w/Dr. Mike Heilig in Richmond, KY - Sent Updated Notice of Appt to Client via email & USPS - 09/26/2023 11a - 318 Highland Park Drive, Richmond KY 40475 #IME #CC

## 12:31:00

__Appointment Rescheduled: Whaley Law Firm Kimberly Jenkins 334-343-0475 now at Tuesday, September 26, 2023 11:00am (was Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm) with (Richmond, KY) Mike Heilig, MD (Orthopedic Surgeon)__
From: Commonwealth IME  [scheduling@acuityscheduling.com](mailto:scheduling@acuityscheduling.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 08 Sep 2023 16:29:46 +0000 (UTC)


	
		
		
		
			Appointment Rescheduled
			
		
		
			for Whaley Law Firm Kimberly Jenkins
334-343-0475
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
			What
			
			STANDARD-IME ((Richmond, KY) Mike Heilig, MD
(Orthopedic Surgeon))
			
		
		
			Old Time
			
			Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm
			
		
		
			New Time
			
			Tuesday, September 26, 2023 11:00am
			
		
		
			Where
			
			318 Highland Park Dr. Richmond, Ky 40475
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
			Your appointment has been successfully
rescheduled.
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
			 Change/Cancel Appointment
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
			 Add to iCal/Outlook Calendar
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
			 Add to Google Calendar

## 12:30:04

__Fwd: New Appointment: STANDARD-IME (%Patient Name%) on Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm EDT with (Lexington, KY) Theo Gerstle, MD  (Hand Surgeon)__
From: Brian Dietsche  [appointments@commonwealthime.com](mailto:appointments@commonwealthime.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 7 Sep 2023 21:02:02 +0000

We need to get this scheduled with an another doctor. This appointment is not available.  Please give me a call to discuss case. My direct number is 502-558-0039.

Bryan Dietsche
Schedule Coordinator
Commonwealth IME
502-558-0039

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message including attachments, if any, is intended for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you

Begin forwarded message:

From: Bryan Dietsche 
Date: September 7, 2023 at 4:58:45 PM EDT
To: Bryan Dietsche 
Subject: Fwd: New Appointment: STANDARD-IME (%Patient Name%) on Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm EDT with (Lexington, KY) Theo Gerstle, MD  (Hand Surgeon)

?Call Attorney reschedule to another doctor

Bryan Dietsche
Schedule Coordinator
Commonwealth IME
502-558-0039

CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message including attachments, if any, is intended for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. Thank you

Begin forwarded message:

From: Kimberly Jenkins 
Date: September 6, 2023 at 1:33:50 PM EDT
To: bryan.dietsche@gmail.com
Subject: New Appointment: STANDARD-IME (%Patient Name%) on Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm EDT with (Lexington, KY) Theo Gerstle, MD  (Hand Surgeon)
Reply-To: Kimberly Jenkins 

?
Scheduled by a client
Below is your copy of the client's confirmation email.


Appointment Scheduled
for Kimberly Jenkins
________________________________
What    STANDARD-IME ((Lexington, KY) Theo Gerstle, MD (Hand Surgeon))
When    Tuesday, September 26, 2023 12:00pm (1 hour)
Where   3363 Tates Creek Rd #209 Lexington, KY 40502
Thank you, your appointment has been successfully scheduled.


________________________________


Change/Cancel Appointment
Add to iCal/Outlook Calendar
Add to Google Calendar
Powered by Acuity Scheduling


The info below is just sent to you as the admin

Name: Kimberly Jenkins
Phone: +15025834022
Email: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com

Location
============
3363 Tates Creek Rd #209 Lexington, KY 40502


Intake Information
============
Firm and/or Company Name
The Whaley Law Firm

What is the physical address of your law firm/office?
712 Lyndon Lane, Louisville, KY 40222

Attorney Name
Aaron G. Whaley
W. Bryce Koon

Name, contact number,and email of person setting the appointment
Sarena Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal
Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(502) 583-4022

Diagnosis (Body Part Injured):
Head, Neck, Wrist, Hand & Arm

Date of Injury
WC/MVA 04/28/2022

What type of case is this?
Work Comp

Has this patient been seen here before?
no

Last 4 of client's SSN
4331

Client Date of Birth
09/09/1962

Would you like to have Commonwealth IME retrieve any and/or all medical records prior to your clients appointment? ($75 flat rate)
yes

Did your client have any imaging done? CT? MRI? X-Rays?
yes

Please upload the signed Commonwealth IME Authorization for Release of Medical Records (if applicable)


If you checked yes for imaging, please ensure your client hand carries any discs associated with those images, thank you.


Has your client been diagnosed with Complex Regional Pain Syndrom (CRPS or RSD) ?
no

Impairment rating to be calculated using the 5th or 6th Edition?
5th

If English is not your client's most proficient language, please indicate if an interpreter (other than a family member) is needed. And if an interpreter is needed, what language?
English



Services & Pricing
============
I have read and agree to the terms above
yes
