---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-10

**Case:** [[cases/jacob-lee-dunaway-mva-5-7-2022/jacob-lee-dunaway-mva-5-7-2022|Jacob Lee Dunaway MVA 5/7/2022]]

## 15:30:00

__Kenect SMS IntegrationConversation with Jacob Dunaway__

## 12:30:54

Jacob called - said that he is having a financially difficult time - with no pay check - he wanted to speak with AGW - and ofcourse now his back has been re-injured due to sip and fall today. Provided him with AGW's cell number - maybe a legal funding loan? #cc

## 12:12:21

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-03-10 16:05:34.774000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 6063757984 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(606) 375-7984, Personal Mobile:(606) 375-7984 

Caller Name: Jacob Lee Dunaway 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/11510961 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hey Erin, this is Jake Dunaway. I don't know if you're interested in taking the S F if not I'm gonna grab somebody pretty quick because I need the money. I went to the truck stop out here on the double a Highway this morning and I went in to use the bathroom when you use the bathroom come back out and I went to go around a little bit like a little more ice cream cones or whatever evidently wasn't working and the water is all over the floor Daniel signed up or not and I didn't see it until it was too late at night on my back my head busted in my back busted and I'm trying to I'm gonna get somebody to pick this up because like I said they didn't they didn't I'll try to holler at me. I'll help or anything you know, so I'm going to go out to the hospital again C Alabama. It's made my backwards. I kind of get up now so. Give me a call take those 63757984.

## 10:44:46

Mr Jacob Dunaway called - he had a slip and fall (water - leaked from store cooler on floor at the BP station) on Highway #9 going towards Cincy - wants to open new case. Said he could not get up by himself....told him I will have Brandon reach out to him for details (emailing AGW and BF) #cc

## 10:22:55

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2023-03-10 14:16:26.753000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 6063757984 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(606) 407-4839, Personal Mobile:(606) 407-4839 

Caller Name: Jacob Lee Dunaway 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/11510961 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hey, Aaron, this is Jake. I got another something else happened to the gray band day. I went into a gas station truck stop out there on a devil a and highway and just went back over to use the bathroom or on my way out. I started I started talking like snap chat like I usually do and I wanted to come around the corner and they had they had no signs up or nothing I spoke both my feet up went up in there and later my plan on my back right in the middle. The [...] everyone met with Dan gas station. I may write me up a big store. I mean, I guess I'm getting about the house off my back telling me, but then Paypal saying. It is main thing is I got it on video on on snap, Canton me a call. I'm sending him to I'm not going to get somebody to get them because they messed my backup, but I was slammed but on my back on the bottle neck head off the pump and water and all of that top and the end of the pool and they're gonna call.
