---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-03

**Case:** [[cases/natalie-brock-mva-7-27-21/natalie-brock-mva-7-27-21|Natalie Brock MVA 7/27/21]]

## 14:47:00

__Natalie Brock__
From: Ashley  Evensen  [aevensen@aptivahealth.com](mailto:aevensen@aptivahealth.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com](mailto:agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 3 Mar 2022 16:04:38 +0000

Hi Aaron,

I received a call from Natalie Brock regarding her new case in July. She believes the MVA was on 7/28/21, and I wanted to verify this date is correct. I also wanted to verify if you are representing this client for this accident. Natalie provided that AllState is her Car Insurance carrier, but did not have the claim number. Do you have this information? Thank you so much for your assistance.

Many Blessings,


[cid:image001.jpg@01D82EEA.F1124140]
Ashley Evensen
Call Center Representative


TEL:
EMAIL:
WEB:
ADDRESS:

502-909-0772
aevensen@aptivahealth.com
aptivahealth.com
3615 Newburg Road
Louisville, KY 40218

[Title: Facebook - Description: Facebook icon]   [Title: LinkedIn - Description: LinkedIn icon]     [Title: Twitter - Description: Twitter Icon] 

***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.***
