---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-20

**Case:** [[cases/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020|Katie Gardner WC 12/31/2020]]

## 16:06:31

__Re: Your PCP Appointment 05/18/2022 - Follow Up__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Katie gardner  [ktrendrag502@gmail.com](mailto:ktrendrag502@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 20 May 2022 16:04:59 -0400

I will get the letter over to you Monday. It's awesome to hear you will be
going back to school and have a scholarship, I'm so happy for you. Have a
great weekend as well. I will talk to you on Monday.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Fri, May 20, 2022 at 2:56 PM Katie gardner 
wrote:

> Lol forgot to mention I start school on June 1st. I need something to do
> while I can't work..and I am aware if I do receive SSDI or SSA I can only
> make so much on top of that, or ss income will be penalized.
>
>
> On Fri, May 20, 2022, 2:54 PM Katie gardner 
> wrote:
>
>> Okay that explains everything I need to know thank you. If you could just
>> email me a letter that's that I have a worker's compensation claim that is
>> ongoing , that would be greatly appreciated. That way, I can get into an
>> apartment and not be on the streets. That's all I'm trying to avoid. I will
>> be going back to school finally. Remotely at Western Governors University
>> for Cyber Security. My scholarship covers the four years and everything I
>> need. I could use the grants I am eligible for to survive off those until I
>> receive any compensation I hope.
>>
>> I have already received two appointments that my primary doctor referred
>> me to, so as soon as the pain management appointment is set, I will give
>> you those details as well.
>>
>> Thank you have a great weekend.
>>
>> On Fri, May 20, 2022, 2:14 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good afternoon Katie,
>>>     I apologize I was not able to contact you this morning. I can only
>>> provide a letter stating that you have an open workers' compensation
>>> litigation claim. Unfortunately, I can not state as to when or how much you
>>> will receive as that is dependent on many variables.
>>>     I'm not sure what your prior ankle injury claim has to do with this
>>> claim. I remember we discussed how that claim was not handled the same as
>>> this claim and did advise that you possibly missed out on a settlement of
>>> that claim. However, I have never stated that there would be any additional
>>> monies from that claim.
>>>     Again, Katie, your claim is currently denied and no payments will be
>>> made until either UPS accepts the claim or the administrative law judge
>>> orders them to make payments. As I explained your impairment rating has to
>>> be established before compensation for the injury can be figured. We are
>>> still awaiting that report. I further explained that it is 'possible' the
>>> defense counsel will be willing to discuss settlement once the impairment
>>> rating is received AND you have completed your deposition. This is not a
>>> guarantee that you will receive any payments at that time.
>>>      I understand that you are in a hard place financially and as I have
>>> advised we will do everything we can to move things forward as quickly as
>>> possible, however, I want to be clear, we do not know if or when any
>>> payments will be issued at this time. We are confident that the
>>> administrative law judge will agree that you are entitled to compensation,
>>> however, it will be sometime before the administrative law judge can make
>>> any type of ruling.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Thu, May 19, 2022 at 10:12 PM Katie gardner 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> I have no clue who Dr Wells is. My appointment as a new patient with
>>>> internal medicine Dr Isobani Alberteris.  Located At 1916 Dixie
>>>> highway.40272. SuiteB
>>>> 592-933-6400.
>>>>
>>>>  I should have a  appointment in ten days for pain management with Dr.
>>>> Jeffrey W. Berg, MD
>>>>
>>>>    - Doctor & Clinic
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>    - Address: 1169 Eastern Pkwy, Ste 2211, Louisville, KY 40217
>>>>    - Phone: (502) 635-2775
>>>>
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> I need a huge favor. I am applying for single mothers grants and food
>>>> stamps, plus I need verification for my next landlord that states that I
>>>> will be receiving weekly worker's compensation checks from Liberty mutual.
>>>>
>>>>  I know this is a time consuming and frustrating process for both of
>>>> us, I've just never been this hopeless in my entire life. I just need this
>>>> with the law firms letterhead for verification to keep me from being hungry
>>>> and homeless until I actually receive a check.
>>>>
>>>> When I spoke to you on April 19th, and you informed me they failed to
>>>> give me a physical impairment rating before returning back to work.-after
>>>> my right foot injuries. You stated it would be about 30-40 days I would
>>>> receive my back pay. It's been about that long now, so what changed?  I am
>>>> not complaining, or trying come across the wrong way. I
>>>> appreciate everything you're doing..
>>>>  Now I have to wait until this deposition on the exact same day I have
>>>> to leave this house. Not blaming you. It's a legal process. Things happen
>>>> and you have to deal with it. I am just struggling worse than I have in my
>>>> entire life.
>>>> I do need a HUGE FAVOR.
>>>> Could you please send me a document with the Law firm's letterhead for
>>>> aa church & apartment complex (Shively area ministries) who is going to
>>>> secure me an apartment before I even get an eviction)  Just stating that I
>>>> am going to have backpay/weekly checks of $314.81 (I believe that was the
>>>> amount we discussed in April.. It doesn't have to be precise, basically
>>>> that I have a deposition on May 31st, and I will have income after that.
>>>> This is for the church and apartment complex.,
>>>>
>>>> Please call me tomorrow after 10am. VERY important question.
>>>> regarding Liberty Mutual reimbursing my insurance company. Thank you!!!!!
>>>>
>>>> On Wed, May 18, 2022, 7:53 PM Katie gardner 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Sorry I missed your call. I did not see a Dr.Wells. Never heard the
>>>>> name.
>>>>>
>>>>> The Dr I saw today was Isobani Alberteris. Located at Sun Valley UofL
>>>>> 9916 Dixie Hwy0
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, May 18, 2022, 2:56 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Good afternoon Katie,
>>>>>>    I received your voicemail and attempted to call you back. Which
>>>>>> location of Dr. Wells did you visit and what was his recommendation?
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>

## 13:48:47

__Re: Your PCP Appointment 05/18/2022 - Follow Up__
From: Katie gardner  [ktrendrag502@gmail.com](mailto:ktrendrag502@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 19 May 2022 22:12:53 -0400

I have no clue who Dr Wells is. My appointment as a new patient with
internal medicine Dr Isobani Alberteris.  Located At 1916 Dixie
highway.40272. SuiteB
592-933-6400.

 I should have a  appointment in ten days for pain management with Dr.
Jeffrey W. Berg, MD

   - Doctor & Clinic


   - Address: 1169 Eastern Pkwy, Ste 2211, Louisville, KY 40217
   - Phone: (502) 635-2775



I need a huge favor. I am applying for single mothers grants and food
stamps, plus I need verification for my next landlord that states that I
will be receiving weekly worker's compensation checks from Liberty mutual.

 I know this is a time consuming and frustrating process for both of us,
I've just never been this hopeless in my entire life. I just need this with
the law firms letterhead for verification to keep me from being hungry and
homeless until I actually receive a check.

When I spoke to you on April 19th, and you informed me they failed to give
me a physical impairment rating before returning back to work.-after my
right foot injuries. You stated it would be about 30-40 days I would
receive my back pay. It's been about that long now, so what changed?  I am
not complaining, or trying come across the wrong way. I
appreciate everything you're doing..
 Now I have to wait until this deposition on the exact same day I have to
leave this house. Not blaming you. It's a legal process. Things happen and
you have to deal with it. I am just struggling worse than I have in my
entire life.
I do need a HUGE FAVOR.
Could you please send me a document with the Law firm's letterhead for aa
church & apartment complex (Shively area ministries) who is going to secure
me an apartment before I even get an eviction)  Just stating that I am
going to have backpay/weekly checks of $314.81 (I believe that was the
amount we discussed in April.. It doesn't have to be precise, basically
that I have a deposition on May 31st, and I will have income after that.
This is for the church and apartment complex.,

Please call me tomorrow after 10am. VERY important question.
regarding Liberty Mutual reimbursing my insurance company. Thank you!!!!!

On Wed, May 18, 2022, 7:53 PM Katie gardner  wrote:

> Sorry I missed your call. I did not see a Dr.Wells. Never heard the name.
>
> The Dr I saw today was Isobani Alberteris. Located at Sun Valley UofL
> 9916 Dixie Hwy0
>
> On Wed, May 18, 2022, 2:56 PM Sarena Tuttle 
> wrote:
>
>> Good afternoon Katie,
>>    I received your voicemail and attempted to call you back. Which
>> location of Dr. Wells did you visit and what was his recommendation?
>>
>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>> The Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> D: (502) 365-9435
>> O: (502) 583-4022
>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>
>

## 10:58:00

Recvd ALJ Assignment & Scheduling Order - Telephonic BRC set for 09/06/2022 at 2:30pm - Calendared & added Deadlines #lit #brc
