---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-02

**Case:** [[cases/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020|Katie Gardner WC 12/31/2020]]

## 10:13:02

__Re: Katie Gardner__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: lisa cooper  [interstatefundsfl@gmail.com](mailto:interstatefundsfl@gmail.com)
Date: Wed, 2 Nov 2022 09:44:18 -0400

There is obviously enough to cover if she wants it.

On Wed, Nov 2, 2022 at 9:40 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Lisa,
>     To my understanding Aaron was able to settle her claim yesterday, so
> at this time I have to refer this request to him for approval & have cc'd
> him on this email.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 6:14 PM lisa cooper 
> wrote:
>
>> Hello Sarena,
>>
>> Katie wrote me asking for another $ 2000.00.
>>
>> See below email  I recieved from her today
>>
>> Please verify if this is correct.
>>
>> When do you think this might settle?
>>
>> Lisa
>> ------------------------------------------------------
>>
>> I would not ask this, if my kids and I weren't in such a desperate
>> situation. My gas & electricity was shut off yesterday morning. My water
>> will soon be cut off as well. I am trying to find out if another loan is
>> possible at all.
>>
>> I just spoke with my attorney Aaron Whaley. The defense council has
>> offered $25,000. We are going to counter the offer for $40,000. If the
>> defense does not accept that, and only willing to go as high as $25,000-
>> After his fees, and everything I owe to your company, that leaves me with
>> $10,400.
>> Would I qualify for any loan amount at this point? Even the smallest
>> amount?
>> Please let me know if anything can be done on your end. Aaron has agreed
>> to sign off on another loan if it's possible, thank you.
>> Please let me know if any loan amount is possible. Was hoping to get a
>> loan of at least $2,000 but willing to take whatever I can because of this
>> desperate situation. Thank you very much Lisa.
>>
>>
>> Lisa Cooper
>>
>> INTERSTATE LAWSUIT FUNDING, LLC
>>
>> InterstateFundsFL@Gmail.com
>>
>> 954-946-0487  PHONE
>> 954-946-0477  FAX
>>
>> www.InterstateLawsuitFunding.com
>>
>> --
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 09:41:33

__Re: Katie Gardner__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: lisa cooper  [interstatefundsfl@gmail.com](mailto:interstatefundsfl@gmail.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 2 Nov 2022 09:39:55 -0400

Good morning Lisa,
    To my understanding Aaron was able to settle her claim yesterday, so at
this time I have to refer this request to him for approval & have cc'd him
on this email.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 6:14 PM lisa cooper 
wrote:

> Hello Sarena,
>
> Katie wrote me asking for another $ 2000.00.
>
> See below email  I recieved from her today
>
> Please verify if this is correct.
>
> When do you think this might settle?
>
> Lisa
> ------------------------------------------------------
>
> I would not ask this, if my kids and I weren't in such a desperate
> situation. My gas & electricity was shut off yesterday morning. My water
> will soon be cut off as well. I am trying to find out if another loan is
> possible at all.
>
> I just spoke with my attorney Aaron Whaley. The defense council has
> offered $25,000. We are going to counter the offer for $40,000. If the
> defense does not accept that, and only willing to go as high as $25,000-
> After his fees, and everything I owe to your company, that leaves me with
> $10,400.
> Would I qualify for any loan amount at this point? Even the smallest
> amount?
> Please let me know if anything can be done on your end. Aaron has agreed
> to sign off on another loan if it's possible, thank you.
> Please let me know if any loan amount is possible. Was hoping to get a
> loan of at least $2,000 but willing to take whatever I can because of this
> desperate situation. Thank you very much Lisa.
>
>
> Lisa Cooper
>
> INTERSTATE LAWSUIT FUNDING, LLC
>
> InterstateFundsFL@Gmail.com
>
> 954-946-0487  PHONE
> 954-946-0477  FAX
>
> www.InterstateLawsuitFunding.com
>
>

## 09:41:10

__Katie Gardner__
From: lisa cooper  [interstatefundsfl@gmail.com](mailto:interstatefundsfl@gmail.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Tue, 1 Nov 2022 18:14:17 -0400

Hello Sarena,

Katie wrote me asking for another $ 2000.00.

See below email  I recieved from her today

Please verify if this is correct.

When do you think this might settle?

Lisa
------------------------------------------------------

I would not ask this, if my kids and I weren't in such a desperate situation. My gas & electricity was shut off yesterday morning. My water will soon be cut off as well. I am trying to find out if another loan is possible at all. 

I just spoke with my attorney Aaron Whaley. The defense council has offered $25,000. We are going to counter the offer for $40,000. If the defense does not accept that, and only willing to go as high as $25,000- After his fees, and everything I owe to your company, that leaves me with $10,400.
Would I qualify for any loan amount at this point? Even the smallest amount?
Please let me know if anything can be done on your end. Aaron has agreed to sign off on another loan if it's possible, thank you.
Please let me know if any loan amount is possible. Was hoping to get a loan of at least $2,000 but willing to take whatever I can because of this desperate situation. Thank you very much Lisa.


Lisa Cooper

INTERSTATE LAWSUIT FUNDING, LLC

InterstateFundsFL@Gmail.com

954-946-0487  PHONE
954-946-0477  FAX

www.InterstateLawsuitFunding.com
