---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-05-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-05-11

**Case:** [[cases/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020|Katie Gardner WC 12/31/2020]]

## 10:38:07

__Re: WC Claim: WC80D-F44883 (State Claim: 2021-48341)__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Katie gardner  [ktrendrag502@gmail.com](mailto:ktrendrag502@gmail.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 11 May 2022 10:37:24 -0400

May 13, 2022 - Appt is at 9:30am

Pick Up: 1837 Lower Hunters Trace Louisville, Ky. 40216
Pick Up Time: 8:15am

Drop Off: 9900 Corporate Campus Drive, Louisville, KY 40223
Drop Off Time: 8:45am

Please call once the appointment is over to schedule the return home.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, May 11, 2022 at 10:31 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Awesome. I just wanted to make sure that is the address you will be at
> that day.
> Once the Uber is scheduled, I will let you know your pick up time.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 365-9435
> O: (502) 583-4022
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Wed, May 11, 2022 at 10:28 AM Katie gardner 
> wrote:
>
>> My address is 1837 Lower Hunters Trace Louisville, Ky. 40216.
>>
>> On Wed, May 11, 2022, 10:27 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> I just spoke with Aaron and we will schedule an Uber to & from your IME
>>> appointment. Please verify the address from which you will need to be
>>> picked up on the day of the appointment.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Wed, May 11, 2022 at 9:11 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Good morning Katie,
>>>> Unfortunately, at this moment I can not answer as to when any monies
>>>> will be exchanged. We are trying to move things along as quickly as
>>>> possible. I will follow up with Aaron and see what else we can do.
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, May 10, 2022 at 4:18 PM Katie gardner 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Could you tell me when I may receive any payment from liberty mutual?
>>>>> I am very much struggling right now. I am facing homelessness, may not even
>>>>> have a phone at the end of this month. I am planning on going to my
>>>>> appointment with Dr. Nasar on the 13th. My insurance cannot provide
>>>>> transportation, so I have to figure that out. Any information would be
>>>>> greatly appreciated. Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Apr 28, 2022, 12:33 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Thank you so much.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Apr 28, 2022 at 12:32 PM Katie gardner <
>>>>>> ktrendrag502@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> During that time I was a stay at home mom. During that time I was
>>>>>>> also helping my mother take care of my dad as he was recovering from a
>>>>>>> brain injury.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Thu, Apr 28, 2022, 12:28 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Good afternoon Katie,
>>>>>>>>   I am currently working on documents for the Department of
>>>>>>>> Workers' Claims and notice there is a 5 year gap between the sod farm and
>>>>>>>> UPS, can you please tell me what was going on during those 5 years? It does
>>>>>>>> not necessarily have to be work history, did you travel, spend time with
>>>>>>>> distant family, work as a stay-at-mother.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> On Mon, Mar 28, 2022 at 10:11 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Good morning Katie,
>>>>>>>>>     Thank you for the information. I will have our clerk request
>>>>>>>>> these records as well. We have received notice that your claim has been
>>>>>>>>> forwarded to the legal defense team for UPS and are currently awaiting his
>>>>>>>>> response to our request for a formal position on the claim. As we
>>>>>>>>> discussed, if he continues to deny the claim, we will review his answer and
>>>>>>>>> possibly file the claim with the KY Depart of Workers' Claims.
>>>>>>>>>     This may take some time, but if you have any questions, please
>>>>>>>>> feel free to reach out to us via email and/or telephone to discuss them in
>>>>>>>>> further details.
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Mar 24, 2022 at 7:18 PM Katie gardner <
>>>>>>>>> ktrendrag502@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> Yes, sorry I actually mispelled her first name.
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> *Dr. Brttainy Shaw, * General Psychology
>>>>>>>>>>  312 S 4th St Ste 700, Louisville, KY
>>>>>>>>>> Phone: 614-390-3387
>>>>>>>>>> *Fax: *614-408-8892
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> *Michael Sullivan's office will be sending me another copy of my
>>>>>>>>>> initial SSA/SSDI denial, in case you need me to text you a picture that
>>>>>>>>>> lists my diagnoses., even my spinal issues besides the disc I herniated on
>>>>>>>>>> 12.31.2020. I haven't even been been evaluated for my physical SSA exam,
>>>>>>>>>> only Psychology. Thank  you Sarena, have a great weekend,*
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Mar 24, 2022 at 3:02 PM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Thank you so much for this list and explanations.
>>>>>>>>>>> Do you happen to have Dr. Brittany Shaw's contact information?
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>>>>>> D: (502) 365-9435
>>>>>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022
>>>>>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>> On Thu, Mar 24, 2022 at 11:38 AM Katie gardner <
>>>>>>>>>>> ktrendrag502@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> *Employment for past 15 years:*
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> **Bush Sod Farms Inc* March, 2006-July2010* 8300 Hudson Ln
>>>>>>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40291 (Secretary and helped customer's load sod pick ups at
>>>>>>>>>>>> the office (Helped lay sod on a less than 4 job sites).. Herniated my first
>>>>>>>>>>>> disc, July.2007 while pulling old sod up, that had been held in place by
>>>>>>>>>>>> metal sod holders.) Disc herniation was healed within a year through pain
>>>>>>>>>>>> management, physical therapy, by Dr Dean Collis from 2007-2008.*
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>>>>>> **United Parcel Service* September 29th, 20015-January 20th,
>>>>>>>>>>>> 2020. * Package handler on Ramp., unloading & loading cargo containers/ramp
>>>>>>>>>>>> driver. Herniated disc on January 31st, 2020. My crew had a 16,000+ cargo
>>>>>>>>>>>> container come of of a UPS plane. Myself, and about 6 other people were
>>>>>>>>>>>> trying to maneuver this extremely have can, off the dock and onto a dolly.
>>>>>>>>>>>> As I was
