---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-19

**Case:** [[cases/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020/katie-gardner-wc-12-31-2020|Katie Gardner WC 12/31/2020]]

## 10:19:18

Recvd 2nd Loan Documents - Approved $1,000.00 #LegalLending

## 10:03:19

__Completed: 2ND. PRESETTLEMENT AGREEMENT FOR -$1,000 KATIE L. GARDNER .pdf__
From: david cooper via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: "SARENA M. TUTTLE"  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 15 Sep 2022 12:37:10 -0700

Hello SARENA M. TUTTLE,    

All parties have completed  2ND. PRESETTLEMENT AGREEMENT FOR -$1,000 KATIE L. GARDNER .pdf.
    
    Ms. Gardner is to initial all 10 pages in the lower right hand corner of this agreement.
Ms. Gardner is sign on page #4

Attorney is to sign on page #4
Ms. Tuttle will receive an executed  copy of this agreement that is to be  placed in the clients lien folder.

Thank you
David Cooper
Interstate Lawsuit Funding LLC
954 947 0487
WWW.InterstateLawsuitFunding.Com
Email :  InterstateSG@ATT.Net

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?a=ff422ce7-d327-42b1-85e2-e0fa7b28f166&r=1e22c7d7-6357-454c-b6c4-61dd8f04fddc

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by david cooper who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10hwLQt8oD10UXAIbnUFywXvDdXYZRFjB-ChUwm2J8BtBqgKoDFsSRPyqtb3-FG6hYSpscMJyOT6UDRRR-WbMUGTuOtIzvGhKDAL18rKB5XJ0PdFhvlC6wzeyzVGlEmlpCXPeOYN_cDOaNz1Z6R_sGctlqQ3LMuT1WNl1Dm-jV3g7iIu1IrM4lNX-LlcoK3XvT7yQr6BNdPPsHegE5dvxcY0jd8lqLPYZYg7d7XHgwZFZABvjEXyMP2GF0E6w9t0VTstHGTiWHegVzRnMhC0vSzaY6u_EGuFFx18Cd_Hb9zovKBi1XMud1yFtX9tQhBnO33Ix4SiyhIDC2lMAQ6AHDA3_jAEAJsotbC3_7wEw9uTv10U4RGwjPXNIIQK52VP-lk0vluhmb3__XoqHamyT8A-NKR5W_XAZu7R4ccAaIeD9hsFXlj7p9KVxRSlIK5trM&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing
