---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-13

**Case:** [[cases/damian-m-duanhauer-mva-10-24-2022/damian-m-duanhauer-mva-10-24-2022|Damian M. Duanhauer MVA 10/24/2022]]

## 11:00:11

Recvd Response from LMPD - Video is available - Pending Criminal Case 22-T-028653 - Searched CourtNet for case - Defendant Joshua Robert Fultz - Lengthy Criminal History (17 felonies alone, multiple CRs & Misd) Already caught a case for 2023 23-CR000032-002: 01/10/2023 Felon is poss of handgun, Poss of Heroin & Meth - Sending to AW for permission to close #Review #Investigation #Defendant

## 11:23:46

Called Client to provide update that Def did not have insurance at the time of the incident - Advised I have sent claim to AW for review - Client asked if we were able to pursue Def as an individual by sending some type of letter to request he make payment - Advised Client from the looks of Def History it is unlikely he would be responsive let alone take responsibility - Advised I would let AW know what he was thinking & see what AW thinks - Client is grateful & appreciates us looking into this for him. #cc

## 10:38:56

__[External Message Added] Louisville Metro Government public records request #22-12404__
From: Louisville Metro Government Public Records  [support@nextrequest.com](mailto:support@nextrequest.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 13 Jan 2023 13:22:36 +0000

Louisville Metro Government

************************************************************************


A message was sent to you regarding record request #22-12404:

This comes as an update on your attached open records request. Specific to the request for body camera video. Our video records specialist identified video responsive to this request but those records are denied release through open records pursuant to KRS 61.878(1)(h) in conjunction with KRS 17.150(2). LMPD is a law enforcement agency. The requested records were compiled in the process of detecting/investigating a statutory violation and is part of a pending criminal case in Jefferson County District Court, case number 22-T-028653. Any premature release of these records could jeopardize the pending prosecution by identifying witnesses not otherwise known and tipping them off to the direction of the ongoing criminal case, impact witness recollection of the incident, and taint the jury pool by permitting the “case” be tried in the court of public opinion rather than in court with the benefit of procedural and evidentiary rules. As evidenced in CourtNet, case 22-T-028653 is set for pretrial conference on 1/23/23. Open Records is not meant to circumvent the discovery process.

You may resubmit your request for video at a later date.








************************************************************************                          
Questions about your request? Reply to this email or sign in to contact staff at Louisville Metro Government.Technical support: See our help page
