---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-30

**Case:** [[cases/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022|James Tofte WC 04/18/2022]]

## 15:13:32

__Fwd: New Voice Message from POHL AND AUBREY (502) 690-2469 on 03/30/2023 2:56 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 30 Mar 2023 15:02:51 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Thu, Mar 30, 2023 at 2:56?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from POHL AND AUBREY (502) 690-2469 on
03/30/2023 2:56 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* POHL AND AUBREY (502) 690-2469
*Received:* Thursday, March 30, 2023 at 2:56 PM
*Length:* 00:57
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Erin. This is attorney Brian website, over pulling Aubrey represent the
employer and the James talked to, K C T O F T E my client forwarded to your
letter of representation. I was going to email you and tell you that I'm
going to forward all the records. I have to you but I'm on vacation next
week. So I'll get to it when I get back was going to email you but I don't
have your email your emails not on your your letter, but if you have any
questions or want to talk about this case. My number is 339-7001, but
again, I'm getting ready going on vacation and I won't be back until Monday
April 10th, but if you do want to email me my email is B W R M S Att at P O
H la B R E Y dot. Com Thanks."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All righttps://app.ringcentral.coms a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:13:16

Recvd Prior Attorney VM from AW - He is sending over copy of the file via USPS when he returns from Vacation on April 10, 2023 - Requested AW email then stated he would send me an email to which I can reply w/AW's email #PriorAttyAck
