---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-21

**Case:** [[cases/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022/james-tofte-wc-04-18-2022|James Tofte WC 04/18/2022]]

## 14:58:07

@stuttle Defense Counsel: Brian Wimsatt 
Pohl, Aubrey, Grey PSC
11901 Brinley Ave
Louisville, KY 40243
(502) 339-7001
bwimsatt@pohlaubrey.com

## 15:59:27

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Spoke to client. Gave him an update. He wanted to meet in person so I scheduled us for Tuesday, 6/27 at 3pm. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Bryce
__Date & Time__: June 21 2023

## 15:59:14

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 15:20:16

__RE: Claim: 2022-81768 - GB 006829-520009-WC-01 - James Tofte v Darden Restuatrant dba Cheddar's__
From: Brian Wimsatt  [bwimsatt@pohlaubrey.com](mailto:bwimsatt@pohlaubrey.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 19:12:41 +0000

Bryce and Sarena,

                I will send it out this week.

                thanks

                Brian

Brian D. Wimsatt, ESQ.
Pohl Aubrey Gray, PSC.
11901 Brinley Avenue
Louisville, Kentucky 40243
P: (502) 339-7001
F: (502) 339-7030

"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -Wayne Gretzky

From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Wednesday, June 21, 2023 3:10 PM
To: Brian Wimsatt 
Cc: Bryce Koon 
Subject: Claim: 2022-81768 - GB 006829-520009-WC-01 - James Tofte v Darden Restuatrant dba Cheddar's

Good after Mr. Wimsatt,
    Our office reached out to you in March & requested a copy of the workers' compensation file on the above referenced claim. Unfortunately, to date we still have not received any documents from your office. Please forward a copy of the file to date to our office for immediate processing and review. Mr. Bryce Koon will also be reaching out to you soon to discuss the claim in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)




________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses. Click here to report this email as spam.

## 15:01:29

__New Insurance Note:__ 2023.06.21 Sent FU email to Adj Walker & Known Darden DC
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc
__Written by:__ Sarena

## 14:01:11

__Re: Claim 006829-520009-WC-01 - James Tofte__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Theresa Walker  [theresa_walker@gbtpa.com](mailto:theresa_walker@gbtpa.com),  Sam_Yates@gbtpa.com ,  Samantha Steelman  [ssteelman@reminger.com](mailto:ssteelman@reminger.com)
CC: Bryce Koon  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 13:59:04 -0400

Good afternoon Tere,
   We have reached out to your office on several occasions at this time and
still have not received a response in more than 60 days. We originally sent
our letter of representation to Sam Yates, who advised us that the claim
was reassigned to you. Please acknowledge our letter of representation and
forward a copy of your file on Mr. James Tofte as soon as possible. If you
are not the proper contact for this claim, please update us to that
effect as well. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to
contact us to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Apr 26, 2023 at 11:39?AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Theresa,
>       Please find attached our letter of representation that was sent to
> your office on March 2, 2023. The original LOR was sent on 02/20/2023 and
> to date we still have not heard from your office.
>        Please forward a copy of your file to date up to & including all
> wage information and calculations used to figure TTD benefits. Also please
> cease any further contact with Mr. Tofte including contact from any nurse
> case manager.
>         Please contact our office as soon as possible to discuss this
> claim in further detail. As always, we look forward to working with you.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Sarena Tuttle 
> Date: Thu, Mar 2, 2023 at 12:06?PM
> Subject: Claim 006829-520009-WC-01 - James Tofte
> To: 
> Cc: Aaron Whaley 
>
>
> Good afternoon Mrs. Yates,
>    Please find attached our office's Letter of Representation for the
> above referenced claim. Please provide our office with a copy of your file
> to date up to but not limited to any and all investigative items, including
> photographs or surveillance footage at least 1 hour prior to the incident
> until 1 hour after the incident, any and all medical records to date, any
> payment ledgers reflecting current payments made to or on behalf of the
> above referenced Client.
>      We look forward to working with you on this matter and if you have
> any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us directly to discuss
> them in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> Litigation Paralegal &
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>

## 12:13:47

__RE: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901 on 06/21/2023 10:58 AM__
From: Bryce Koon [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [JamesTofteWCZ3203410@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamesTofteWCZ3203410@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 12:13:33 -0400

He was actually on my list to call this afternoon. 

I?ll call him back here in a minute

 

 

 

W. Bryce Koon, Esq.The Whaley Law Firm 712 Lyndon LaneLouisville, KY 40222Phone: (502) 365-5043Fax: (502) 237-3207This electronic message is intended only for the named recipient. It may contain attorney-client privileged r otherwise protected information. If you have received this message or any attachment in error, you are instructed to contact The Whaley Law Firm and advise in this regard, no waiver of any privilege shall be applicable, and you are instructed that you should not use the information contained herein or forward it to any third person not intended to receive it. 

 

From: Aaron WhaleySent: Wednesday, June 21, 2023 12:08 PMTo: Sarena Tuttle; Bryce Koon; JamesTofteWCZ3203410@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.comSubject: Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901 on 06/21/2023 10:58 AM

 

James Tofte

---------- Forwarded message ---------From: RingCentral Date: Wed, Jun 21, 2023 at 10:58?AMSubject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901 on 06/21/2023 10:58 AMTo: aaron whaley 

 







Voice Message 



Dear aaron whaley, 

You have a new voice message:

From:

WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901

Received:

Wednesday, June 21, 2023 at 10:58 AM

Length:

00:41

To:

(502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

Voicemail Preview:

"Hey, Mr. Whaley, my name is James Toft and I have called you guys and I did the paperwork and so on on a case for of I fell and broke my back in my neck, etc. I have been trying to get a whole Serena, but she does not seem to be returning my calls. I want to know What is happening or whatever? And there is stuff developing. And I need I need I need to talk to someone, okay? My name is James Tofte. There 270 $600.99 1. Give me a call back, please, thank you." 

Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account with your main number, extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral account. 

 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

 



Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started 

 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to our Terms of Use. Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA. 



 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022

## 12:08:40

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901 on 06/21/2023 10:58 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [JamesTofteWCZ3203410@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JamesTofteWCZ3203410@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2023 12:08:22 -0400

James Tofte

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Jun 21, 2023 at 10:58?AM
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901 on
06/21/2023 10:58 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 600-9901
*Received:* Wednesday, June 21, 2023 at 10:58 AM
*Length:* 00:41
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Mr. Whaley, my name is James Toft and I have called you guys and I
did the paperwork and so on on a case for of I fell and broke my back in my
neck, etc. I have been trying to get a whole Serena, but she does not seem
to be returning my calls. I want to know What is happening or whatever? And
there is stuff developing. And I need I need I need to talk to someone,
okay? My name is James Tofte. There 270 $600.99 1. Give me a call back,
please, thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
