---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-28

**Case:** [[cases/jodie-lynn-knox-mva-07-18-2022/jodie-lynn-knox-mva-07-18-2022|Jodie Lynn Knox MVA 07/18/2022]]

## 14:49:17

__Jodie Knox viewed Thank You for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 28 Jul 2022 11:42:13 -0700

Hello Jodie Knox,   

At 7/28/2022 11:42:13 AM PDT, Jodie Knox opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley MVA Client Intake Packet - Adult - Form Template.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=1d1875b8-d651-4153-a56b-70e3431bf525

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi12TdBZS-rBgGNG0vo0Whc42vfO1vOARqZ3vXmcRHVBjdsI1DIoj4SdZn0Gh2jQ8_3GlrTkaqQVOAbGIljLObzAWqpJAn955VIiOaTvyml19r505_B3CLgFipnRI2ri404V7ZpVKiHs91wYT9VSmmeovebGX_U-bsO9ScENuHQ6P8ilz083vQuPabUOvSWaAupu42YsaMMjK6JTuE3QZ7LpdaRiNWBK_-xAxEXLe5_uNFB_MRIPmvNxbYp-PwP1mFMXBJadTnJg7KBo4df-6vkf2QhCQeIKLaCJ_kmvXHh4rU83Kg988AKyxWR4x3taDWIO4ZgelmRRV4t46G9GodTn9T52qSMSbBK0TQP8vCGgejqvqFyNrLR3-CDVfCgtz5p6tkv0H1Kuo5xAWJNyE-jHvkVGjljNCzXa3p27wQvw-bgJI7RsxymCNBUCCRScx66w&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing

## 14:03:36

Contact Jodie Lynn Knox at  and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 14:06:38

Good afternoon Jodie, Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm and speaking with me this afternoon. Please send us a photo of your drivers license and any insurance cards, including any private health insurance for your file. All replies to this text message will automatically upload to your file.

## 14:03:25

Completed phone intake - Sent Intake Documents via DocuSign #Intake

## 14:02:36

Companion: Angela Motsinger - Passenger
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/1904794/activity
