---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-31

**Case:** [[cases/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022|Robert Fargher WC 07/13/2022]]

## 10:47:24

Recvd VM from Client - Returned his call - Discuss no further contact from WC Adj Crowe and will prepare to file claim with the DWC on Friday if no response by then - He has been released from treatment - He still has numbness in fingers and unable to close his hand fully - Advised will set him up for an IME and request final MRs from K&K - He has been released to return to work but is not going back to same employer due to all this - Unemployment was denied as well - He advised that he will be reapplying so Jeff can correct his mistakes and hopefully he will get unemployment for the time missed #cc #lit

## 10:34:01

__New Voice Message from ROBERT FARGER (502) 386-8948 on 08/31/2022 10:03 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 31 Aug 2022 14:03:41 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ROBERT FARGER (502) 386-8948 
*Received:* Wednesday, August 31, 2022 at 10:03 AM 
*Length:* 00:09 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Yes, sir, Brad this is Robert Berger calling if you could please give me 
a call back. Thank you have listed." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
