---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-09"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-09

**Case:** [[cases/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022/robert-fargher-wc-07-13-2022|Robert Fargher WC 07/13/2022]]

## 15:43:34

Recvd WC Adjuster Denial Letter - "Medical Records do not support work related injury" - Replied and requested Reconsideration - Client works in lawn care, landscaping, outdoor construction industry - Brown Recluse Bite is definitely compensable - Advised Adj is standing on Denial to send copy of file to us & his legal department in anticipation of litigation filing w/DWC #WC

## 15:36:03

__RE: [External] Claim: FXG0008 Robert Fargher__
From: "Crowe, Schuyler"  [SCCROWE@travelers.com](mailto:SCCROWE@travelers.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2022 13:52:09 +0000

I have attached the denial letter that was sent to Mr. Fargher.

Thanks!
Schuyler

Schuyler Crowe | Claim Professional
Travelers
Tennessee - Ohio Valley Claim Center
W: 615.660.6316   F: 877.786.5582
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 660456 Dallas, TX 75266-0456
SCCROWE@Travelers.com

[cid:image001.png@01D8A583.FB387670]

Injured Employees register at MyTravelers.com to manage your payments, communicate with your Claim team and upload files. You can also explore other self-service resources for Injured Employees, Employers and Providers.





From: Sarena Tuttle 
Sent: Thursday, July 28, 2022 1:30 PM
To: Crowe, Schuyler 
Subject: [External] Claim: FXG0008 Robert Fargher

CAUTION: This email came from outside of the company.
Please exercise caution when opening attachments, clicking links or responding to this email. The original sender of this email is sarena@whaleylawfirm.com.

Good afternoon Schuyler,
    Please find attached our letter of representation for Roberty Fargher. Please forward a copy of your file to our office along with your acknowledgement of receipt. We understand that you have notified Mr. Fargher that his claim has been denied, please forward a copy of your denial letter. Please be sure to include valid grounds for your denial for our review.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201
