---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-15

**Case:** [[cases/kendrick-l-persley-mva-2-24-22/kendrick-l-persley-mva-2-24-22|Kendrick L. Persley MVA 2/24/22]]

## 14:27:30

@jchumbley @aaronw Spoke w/Dairyland Adj Berrones - Awaiting estimate from 3rd vehicle involved - Limits Issue - Will not move forward for Client until all damages submitted - Spoke to PIP Adjuster - Sending LOR Ack & PIP App - She is also having PD reopened on their end since BI is dragging feet

## 14:52:13

__048671643__
From: "Pineda, Bethany"  [Bethany.Pineda@safeco.com](mailto:Bethany.Pineda@safeco.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Mar 2022 18:45:07 +0000

Good Afternoon,

Please see attached.

Thank you,

Bethany Pineda
Claim Resolution Specialist III
Medical Claims
-----------------------------
Liberty Mutual Insurance  |  Safeco Insurance
PO Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Office: 856-435-2864
Toll Free: 800-304-2896
Fax: 888-268-8840

Medical Provider Billing Support
Phone number 888-288-7218
Email: LibertyPCC@mitchell.com
Submit bills to: imaging@libertymutual.com  or P.O. Box 5014 Scranton, PA 18505-5014

[cid:image001.jpg@01D83878.679700D0]
NOTICE:  The information contained in this electronic mail transmission is intended by Liberty Mutual for the use of the named individual or entity to which it is directed and may contain information that is privileged or otherwise confidential.  If you have received this electronic mail transmission in error, please delete it from your system without copying or forwarding it, and notify the sender of the error by reply e-mail or by telephone (collect), so that the sender's address records can be corrected.

## 14:21:26

__97A927161__
From:  [sabrina.berrones@sentry.com](mailto:sabrina.berrones@sentry.com)
To:  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 15 Mar 2022 13:17:13 -0500


SABRINA BERRONES
Claims Representative II
Office (563) 459-5613 | Fax (888) 729-2225
sabrina.berrones@sentry.com

Dairyland Insurance Company
PO Box 8042
Stevens Point, WI 54481
dairylandinsurance.com
This e-mail is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, you must not disclose or use the information contained in it. If you have received this e-mail in error, please tell us immediately by return e-mail and delete the document. No recipient may use the information in this e-mail in violation of any civil or criminal statute. We disclaim all liability for any unauthorized uses of this e-mail or its contents, and accept no liability or responsibility for any damage caused by any virus transmitted with this e-mail.
