---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-11-28"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-11-28

**Case:** [[cases/michael-mullins-mva-6-24-2023/michael-mullins-mva-6-24-2023|Michael Mullins MVA 6/24/2023]]

## 12:44:07

__Re: FW: 053948411-10 Shamica Mullins & Michael Mullins__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [MichaelMullinsMVAZ3805900@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichaelMullinsMVAZ3805900@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 28 Nov 2023 11:43:35 -0500

Thank you for the update.

On Tue, Nov 28, 2023 at 11:40?AM  wrote:

> Update on Shamica Mullins. Nothing has changed
>
>
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Flynn, Steven 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, November 28, 2023 11:35 AM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Cc:* Crystal Moore 
> *Subject:* RE: 053948411-10 Shamica Mullins & Michael Mullins
>
>
>
> Justin-
>
>
>
> Thanks for following up with me related to the June 24, 2023 auto injury
> claim.
>
>
>
> Safeco Insurance continues to follow up with all of the parties involved
> as well as attempting to make contact with Jerome Hester.
>
>
>
> Jerome Hester was noted as a passenger in our insured?s vehicle and the
> file indicates he was injured.
>
>
>
> Once Safeco is able to obtain all medical records/bills for all injured
> parties, Safeco will work with all parties involved to attempt to resolve
> the injury claims.
>
>
>
> Please feel free to contact me if any questions.
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
>
>
> *Steven Flynn, CPCU*
>
> Senior Claims Resolution Specialist
>
> Liberty Mutual and Safeco Insurance
>
>
>
> *USPS Mail Only*
>
> *FedEX/UPS*
> *(including Overnight, Next Day, and other non-USPS deliveries)*
>
> *Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims*
> P.O. Box 5014
> Scranton, PA 18505-5014
>
> *Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims*
> 19 Bert Collins Drive
> Throop, PA 18512
>
>
>
> Direct Phone: 314-682-0668
>
> Fax: 866-567-2552  include claim #
> Business Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00am to 4:30pm CST
>
>
>
> Steven.flynn@libertymutual.com
>
>
>
> All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
> protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
> encourage you to send all correspondence by email.  For large files
> (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!
>
>
>
> *To learn more about Liberty Mutual?s privacy policy, go to **www.libertymutual.com/privacy
> *
>
> *Claim documents should be directly e-mailed to imaging@libertymutual.com
>
>
>
> *If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby
> notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and
> any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
> email in error, please notify me via return email and via telephone at
> 317-805-2835 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any email,
> attachment, and any printout thereof. Thank you.*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *From:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, November 28, 2023 8:18 AM
> *To:* Flynn, Steven 
> *Subject:* {EXTERNAL} 053948411
>
>
>
> Good morning,
>
>
>
> Any update on this claim?
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:41:08

__FW: 053948411-10 Shamica Mullins & Michael Mullins__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Jessa Galosmo'
Cc: [ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:ShamicaMullinsZ3803587@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [MichaelMullinsMVAZ3805900@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichaelMullinsMVAZ3805900@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) 
Date: Tue, 28 Nov 2023 11:40:49 -0500

Update on Shamica Mullins. Nothing has changed

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Flynn, Steven  
Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2023 11:35 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Cc: Crystal Moore 
Subject: RE: 053948411-10 Shamica Mullins & Michael Mullins

 

Justin-

 

Thanks for following up with me related to the June 24, 2023 auto injury
claim.

 

Safeco Insurance continues to follow up with all of the parties involved as
well as attempting to make contact with Jerome Hester.  

 

Jerome Hester was noted as a passenger in our insured's vehicle and the file
indicates he was injured.

 

Once Safeco is able to obtain all medical records/bills for all injured
parties, Safeco will work with all parties involved to attempt to resolve
the injury claims.

 

Please feel free to contact me if any questions.

 

Thanks,

 

 

Steven Flynn, CPCU

Senior Claims Resolution Specialist 

Liberty Mutual and Safeco Insurance

 


USPS Mail Only

FedEX/UPS
(including Overnight, Next Day, and other non-USPS deliveries)


Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
P.O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
19 Bert Collins Drive
Throop, PA 18512

 

Direct Phone: 314-682-0668

Fax: 866-567-2552  include claim # 
Business Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00am to 4:30pm CST

 

  Steven.flynn@libertymutual.com

 

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
encourage you to send all correspondence by email.  For large files (>10GB),
ask me about OneDrive!

 

To learn more about Liberty Mutual's privacy policy, go to
 www.libertymutual.com/privacy



*Claim documents should be directly e-mailed to
 imaging@libertymutual.com

 

If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any
attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email
in error, please notify me via return email and via telephone at
317-805-2835 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any email,
attachment, and any printout thereof. Thank you.

 

 

 

 

From: justin@whaleylawfirm.com 
 > 
Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2023 8:18 AM
To: Flynn, Steven  >
Subject: {EXTERNAL} 053948411

 

Good morning,

 

Any update on this claim? 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363
