---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-12

**Case:** [[cases/kendra-fogle-mva-12-10-2022/kendra-fogle-mva-12-10-2022|Kendra Fogle MVA 12/10/2022]]

## 16:24:29

@jbottorff Please Request Medical Records for Listed Providers

## 16:23:29

Sent LORs to American Transit for PIP via fax & BI via email per Rep Instructions #PIP #BI #LORs

## 16:18:48

__Bodily Injury Claim Notice - Muhammad Alif & Kendra Fogle 12/10/2022__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: BI@american-transit.com 
CC:  
Date: Thu, 12 Jan 2023 15:14:24 -0500

Good afternoon,
    Please find attached our office's letter of representation of the above
referenced clients. Mr. Alif & Mrs. Fogle were passengers in your insured's
vehicle on 12/10/2022 and were seriously injured. At this time, we request
that a bodily injury claim be opened on their behalf. If you have any
questions, please do not hesitate to contact us to discuss them in greater
detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 16:04:12

Fax to American Transit Insurance (212) 857-8254 <small>Page Count:1</small>

## 15:46:42

Updated Insurance Tab & Medical Providers to date #Review

## 15:46:14

__Kendra Fogle viewed Thank You for Choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 12 Jan 2023 11:18:31 -0800

Hello Kendra Fogle,   

At 1/12/2023 11:18:30 AM PST, Kendra Fogle opened and viewed your documents, 2021 Whaley MVA Client Intake Packet - Adult - Form Template.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=ef7402ec-23ce-4e1d-9ae2-f8d7d82ba1fe

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi11IiiyhZCfquqUGY_8S5CaojIQB4CYmVzIzO-y-6YvT-nhUCifBJ6E3LxoAXQS_lYJRkYqEJf6S8Y8vO4BBptcYx_iq0KLlkQaTMVDDpLBCuxFd_e6Mi5GS8MmGHm9o2MUGib50rBbDHVA7r3eBMTm96PdcbhqKBey1OW4B6JAjvaK7Xx6MAyDXlls1XXqjyZr14EIv2dgUgWJpISnt6R1QmKtUhyA6j8PjOLP2Mj8zvpCgVjKmvgCwtXU-n8euW2-xb4CVUUUKlbLDoiThaNmZmTvjZMHZFh0_VQu-bSSiOtNhaDoZ3D1tMtYGsnAMTAyECbcmYr39M2vlLpw0bGe4bfw2fGEapH185j2eA13Zu272Xpux2yj22-fOuZk-mUa0PxS8kmmep-F7PEOpJzAhmUepWAontzYNi7R6tUm9zgKVpgM8arc22YBnWaqHtLM&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend

## 15:34:25

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:33:57

New Medical Provider Added

## 15:30:39

Insurance Company Added

## 15:30:06

Insurance Company Added

## 15:29:21

Insurance Company Added

## 15:28:10

Client was a backseat passenger in cab in NY when they were rear-ended - She returned to Louisville the Next day and went to Jewish (UL) East on Dutchman's Lane - Is currently treating w/Modern Chiro & has had MRIs of her neck & back completed (she has CD) - She has also been contacted by PIP Carrier & sent documents to be completed - Advised we will reach out to adjuster with LOR & PIP Application - She does not need to complete anything #cc #Intake #Investigation #TxStatus

## 15:26:04

Recvd Notice from FG Client called in again aggravated on Intake Process - Stated she has not been able to complete Intake Sent by BF - Called Client - Resent Intake Packet via DocuSign - Companion to Mo NY Case - Completed Intro Call #cc

## 15:24:18

Companion: Muhammad Alif 
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/3105436/activity

## 15:15:55

Client said that Brandon was to get back with her to complete her intake (companion to another case she said we have -Client is somewhat disgruntled at lack of completion of intake#cc
