---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-04

**Case:** [[cases/tymon-brown-mva-07-28-2022/tymon-brown-mva-07-28-2022|Tymon Brown MVA 07/28/2022]]

## 12:11:15

Recvd PIP Correspondence via Secured Email - PIP Application, Medical Release

## 12:13:54

__[Claims] - 17-37X8-88Z__
From: "AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com"  [automedicalclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:automedicalclaims@statefarm.com)
To: "SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM"  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 4 Nov 2022 13:31:39 +0000

You’ve received a secure message from State Farm®. If this is your first Proofpoint secure message, a new account will need to be created prior to opening any messages. Click here https://pe-encrypt.statefarm.com/formpostdir/securereader?id=jJJl1CFNrRPvyACXLMKg-0kRifvnLzdd&brand=3993e80ababa08f55  by 2023-01-08 13:31 UTC to read your message.    Please do not reply to this message with confidential information. If you wish to reply, use the REPLY feature within the secure message.    Secure Messages are only stored for 65 days. If you need to keep a message for a longer duration, please use the Save As function after opening the email to create a local copy. Please note saving a message will remove the protections. Ensure you are properly securing any encrypted message you save.    If you’re having technical issues, contact our Customer Care Center (CCC) at 888-559-1922.  Please ask the representative to include “Proofpoint” in the ticket description.    Thank you for choosing State Farm. We appreciate your business!

## 12:00:57

__[Claims] - 17-37X8-88Z__
From: "AutoMedicalClaims@StateFarm.com"  [automedicalclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:automedicalclaims@statefarm.com)
To: "SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM"  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 4 Nov 2022 13:29:56 +0000

You’ve received a secure message from State Farm®. If this is your first Proofpoint secure message, a new account will need to be created prior to opening any messages. Click here https://pe-encrypt.statefarm.com/formpostdir/securereader?id=F2pWpN9Pep-Ni0koOpy6dtTbPZic2VdW&brand=3993e80ababa08f55  by 2023-01-08 13:30 UTC to read your message.    Please do not reply to this message with confidential information. If you wish to reply, use the REPLY feature within the secure message.    Secure Messages are only stored for 65 days. If you need to keep a message for a longer duration, please use the Save As function after opening the email to create a local copy. Please note saving a message will remove the protections. Ensure you are properly securing any encrypted message you save.    If you’re having technical issues, contact our Customer Care Center (CCC) at 888-559-1922.  Please ask the representative to include “Proofpoint” in the ticket description.    Thank you for choosing State Farm. We appreciate your business!

## 11:59:33

Recvd State Farm PIP LOR via Secure Email - $10k Limit #PIP #PIPLORACK
