---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-28

**Case:** [[cases/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Carmella Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 14:07:35

__Flash drive info for C. Yarbrough__
From: Tiffany  Pike  [tpike@fhclouisville.org](mailto:tpike@fhclouisville.org)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Carlyn Williams  [chwilliams@fhclouisville.org](mailto:chwilliams@fhclouisville.org),  Shannon McCowan  [smccowan@fhclouisville.org](mailto:smccowan@fhclouisville.org)
Date: Thu, 28 Sep 2023 18:02:42 +0000

Hello,
We are mailing you a flash drive with the information you requested on (Carmella Yarbrough D.O.B 12/09/2003).  The following information will allow you access to that drive:

Password:  FHC092123Wlf*       (password is case sensitive)

To load the drive, open file folders and the drive folder the flash drive is in, (ex.  E:, F:, or G:, etc...), click on that drive, then double click on SanDiskSecureAccessV3_win.  The next screen should be your password window.  Please make sure you enter the password carefully, if you enter in an incorrect password too many times, you will get locked out of the drive.  Successfully enter the password and click "Login".  Your requested information will be under the "My Vault" section of the following window, double click on the file to open.  If you have any trouble accessing this file or your flash drive, please do not hesitate to contact me at the numbers listed below.

Respectfully,


[Description: FHC_Vert_ServiceMark_Color_RGB]

Tiffany Pike
Health information management Specialist
2215 Portland Ave.
Louisville, KY 40212
P:  502.772.8315
F: 502-434-5903

## 13:57:40

Recvd CMR Family Health Center on USB Drive - No Records on Drive - Only ScanDisk Items #CMR
