---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-10

**Case:** [[cases/todd-young-wc-db-11-30-2021/todd-young-wc-db-11-30-2021|Todd Young WC/DB 11/30/2021]]

## 12:41:45

Replied to Adjuster Franklin email - Advised following up on missing TTD payment and to please look into this and forward payment ledger to our office

## 12:41:01

__Re: W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Franklin ,  Paul"  [Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com](mailto:Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com)
CC:  
Date: Thu, 10 Feb 2022 11:39:20 -0500

Thank you for your email Paul,
    I did speak to Todd about contacting you and we both greatly apologize.
He was simply following up on a conversation between you two, prior to
representation, that he was still owed one more TTD, not TPD check to cover
the last period he was off work before his return on 12/24/2022.
     If there is still an outstanding payment due, please process that
directly to Mr. Young. If there is not an outstanding payment due, please
advise. Please look into this and forward an updated payment ledger to our
office as soon as possible.
     We greatly appreciate all your assistance in this matter and enjoy
working with you toward an amicable resolution soon.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Feb 9, 2022 at 3:52 PM Franklin, Paul 
wrote:

> Hello,
>
>
>
> Can you advise your client that all communication must go through his
> attorney. He had a question about his TPD benefits for the period of
> 12/19/2021 – 12/22/2021. However, he is not owed any TPD for that period.
> Calculation shown below:
>
>
>
> Comp Rate: $713.24
>
> TPD = TTD - (gross wages - taxes)
>
>
>
> TTD: ($713.24 / 7) x 4 days = $407.57
>
> TPD wages = ($925.57 / 7 ) x 4 days = $528.90
>
> Taxes = ($192.93 / 7) x 4 days = $110.25
>
>
>
> TPD = $407.57 - ($528.90 - $110.25)
>
> TPD = $407.57 - $418.65 = NO TPD OWED
>
>
>
> *Thanks, *
>
>
>
> *Paul Franklin* | Claims Adjuster
> *Sedgwick*
>
> Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
>
> DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
> EMAIL *paul.franklin@sedgwick.com *
>
> *www.sedgwick.com * | Caring counts®
> [image: cid:image001.png@01D60EAB.EBB3BD70]
>
> _____________________________________
>
> Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
> Visit our COVID-19 update center 
> for the latest pandemic-related resources.
>
>
> ------------------------------
> Any personal data acquired, processed or shared by us will be lawfully
> processed in line with applicable data protection legislation. If you have
> any questions regarding how we process personal data refer to our Privacy
> Notice https://www.sedgwick.com/global-privacy-policy. Any communication
> including this email and files/attachments transmitted with it are
> confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or
> entity to whom they are addressed. If this message has been sent to you in
> error, you must not copy, distribute or disclose of the information it
> contains and you must notify us immediately (contact is within the privacy
> policy) and delete the message from your system.
>

## 12:40:49

Recvd Client Call back - Apologized for calling adjuster directly - he was simply following up on a missing TTD payment - We discussed the no contact rule and why it is in place - Also discussed how a Dual WC/PI Claim is handled - Client is a happy camper at the moment

## 11:34:49

Recvd email from Adj Franklin - Client contacted him directly and asked about TPD benefits - TPD = Total Permanent Disability - Client is not Totally nor Permanently Disabled by this incident - Adjuster did provide breakdown of what payment would be if eligible

## 11:34:46

__W063410500-0001 - YOUNG, TODD F - 11/30/2021__
From: "Franklin, Paul"  [Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com](mailto:Paul.Franklin@sedgwick.com)
To: "sarena@whaleylawfirm.com"  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 9 Feb 2022 20:52:06 +0000

Hello,

Can you advise your client that all communication must go through his attorney. He had a question about his TPD benefits for the period of 12/19/2021 - 12/22/2021. However, he is not owed any TPD for that period. Calculation shown below:

Comp Rate: $713.24
TPD = TTD - (gross wages - taxes)

TTD: ($713.24 / 7) x 4 days = $407.57
TPD wages = ($925.57 / 7 ) x 4 days = $528.90
Taxes = ($192.93 / 7) x 4 days = $110.25

TPD = $407.57 - ($528.90 - $110.25)
TPD = $407.57 - $418.65 = NO TPD OWED

Thanks,

Paul Franklin | Claims Adjuster
Sedgwick
Mailing Address: P.O. Box 14423, Lexington, KY  40512-4423
DIRECT 813-558-4113 | FAX 901-566-3415
EMAIL paul.franklin@sedgwick.com
www.sedgwick.com | Caring counts(r)
[cid:image001.png@01D60EAB.EBB3BD70]
_____________________________________
Sedgwick is operational and managing claims.
Visit our COVID-19 update center
for the latest pandemic-related resources.

________________________________
Any personal data acquired, processed or shared by us will be lawfully processed in line with applicable data protection legislation. If you have any questions regarding how we process personal data refer to our Privacy Notice https://www.sedgwick.com/global-privacy-policy. Any communication including this email and files/attachments transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If this message has been sent to you in error, you must not copy, distribute or disclose of the information it contains and you must notify us immediately (contact is within the privacy policy) and delete the message from your system.
