---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-20

**Case:** [[cases/angelica-byrd-mva-05-24-2022/angelica-byrd-mva-05-24-2022|Angelica Byrd MVA 05/24/2022]]

## 10:45:08

Angelica call to get loan information - Provided her an email with Barrister information #cc

## 10:13:13

__FW: Re: Claim#:049600322-01__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Date: Mon, 20 Jun 2022 10:12:59 -0400

Want client to sign and return these docs?

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)357-9939

 

From: Edwards, Alan  
Sent: Monday, June 20, 2022 10:10 AM
To: Angelica Byrd 
Cc: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: RE: Re: Claim#:049600322-01

 

These work

 

 

 

Thank you

 

Alan Edwards

SIU Investigator II, Desk

Special Investigations Unit

Liberty Mutual Insurance

PO Box 5014

Scranton PA 18505-5014

Direct Dial: 702-963-9781| Fax 888-268-8840

Email:alan.edwards@libertymutual.com

 

 

 



 

Note: The information contained in this message is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, do not distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the sender. Thank you for your cooperation. 

 

From: Angelica Byrd  > 
Sent: Monday, June 20, 2022 6:21 AM
To: Edwards, Alan  >
Subject: {EXTERNAL} Re: Claim#:049600322-01

 

It will not let me open the documents

 

On Sat, Jun 18, 2022, 7:51 PM Edwards, Alan  > wrote:


   

   

 


 

 


Hi Angela (and Whaley Law Firm),

 

I have attached an updated Reservation of Rights correspondence. Please read it in its entirety.

 

We will need you to sign, date and return to me the attached Electronic Data Recorder to obtain the information from your 2017 Hyundai Sonata.

 

Once the form is returned to me, our vendor will be in contact with you to arrange a time and place to have access to your vehicle to download the needed information.

 

Please do not hesitate to call or email with any questions or concerns.

 

 

Thank you

 

Alan Edwards

SIU Investigator II, Desk

Special Investigations Unit

Liberty Mutual Insurance

PO Box 5014

Scranton PA 18505-5014

Direct Dial: 702-963-9781| Fax 888-268-8840

Email:alan.edwards@libertymutual.com  

 

 

 



 

Note: The information contained in this message is confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, do not distribute or copy this communication. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by replying to the sender. Thank you for your cooperation. 

 

 


 

 


   

 


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 049600322},{Exposure-Number : 01},{Category : Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id : SIUFREEFORM}]

	 


Policy underwritten by Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company

© 2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA 02116
