---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-21"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-21

**Case:** [[cases/addison-russo-mva-3-10-2022/addison-russo-mva-3-10-2022|Addison Russo MVA 3/10/2022]]

## 15:30:43

__NEF, (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit , IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF RUSSO, ADDISON  Envelope # 7386816__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Bryce@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 21 Feb 2024 14:26:54 -0500

Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: February 21, 2024 at 2:25PM Eastern

eFiler: AARON GREGORY WHALEY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (DISTRICT )

Case Caption: IN RE: GUARDIANSHIP OF RUSSO, ADDISON 

Envelope Number: 7386816

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
PETITION FOR APPT. OF GUARDIAN FOR MINOR: PETITION FOR APPOINTMENT OF 
GUARDIAN FOR MINOR
APPLICATION FOR APPOINTMENT OF FIDUCIARY FOR MINOR: APPLICATION FOR 
APPOINTMENT AS GUARDIAN FOR MINOR
MOTION TO APPROVE SETTLEMENT: MOTION TO APPROVE MINOR SETTLEMENT
FAMILY COURT CASE DATA: AOC 104 CIVIL COVER SHEET
CERTIFICATE: CERITIFCATE OF QUALIFICATIONS
BOND - OTHER: FIDUCIARY BOND
TENDERED DOCUMENT: PROPOSED / TENDERED ORDER

Additional details: 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=7386816

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=FF60CB3B-305B-4662-8326-33DE194B80D4

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email.

## 13:49:14

__Completed: The Whaley Law Firm has Requested your Signature.__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 21 Feb 2024 09:43:14 -0800

Hello Aaron Whaley, 

All signers completed The Whaley Law Firm has Requested your Signature. 

Review the document your recipients have signed, and the following payment(s)

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=311b04f9-6a07-4cd1-aed7-221936596c62

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10eVkRbxyMxYbafu5wjxFNQ3apMLsBoZhAKEwJS2YIzoZPcJb1RHmIXfz282tGun-h_wm-aYl1pc0RxI7Qj3YSrjk7cC5dHsk-AJKeqOL5REkquAt36ifp-WTJEarnmNNQnBk1Cwu4WB7YJnnidlVYRk4VJufh9fXjHU89fN6uA-8pMcq8NJ0nHlSi_qb_clMYpeDSvHfZuj9xoxWN8quBadktvU-IDr4wopEkfULnD33lSxq_qnxzvsSsM77C2n9xxOBAZl3mguZ08gIVnXtnElcYd3LFlaus3-DDDkXlt6jrO-kGprPdXRzvfnDVzKEP0RoOtRKBC6681EYEPm0Fi&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend

## 10:34:41

__New Voice Message from RUSSO SHANNON (502) 287-2699 on 02/20/2024 3:58 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2024 20:58:54 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* RUSSO SHANNON (502) 287-2699 
*Received:* Tuesday, February 20, 2024 at 3:58 PM 
*Length:* 00:33 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Sarena, this is Shannon Russo. I was just looking over the documents 
that you sent that I needed to sign. And the first thing I noticed is the 
spelling on our address is incorrect. So I did not know if that was going 
to make a difference or not. If it does not matter, let me know when I sign 
the documents. But it should be Saratoga Hill, not Hills Road. Give me a 
call back if you have any questions. 502 2872699, thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 10:34:16

__Shannon L. Russo viewed The Whaley Law Firm has Requested your Signature.__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 20 Feb 2024 12:55:57 -0800

Hello Shannon L. Russo,   

At 2/20/2024 12:55:57 PM PST, Shannon L. Russo opened and viewed your documents, 2024.02.20 Russo Minor Settlement Probate Packet.pdf.
   

No Content  

https://na4.docusign.net/Member/EmailStart.aspx?m=311b04f9-6a07-4cd1-aed7-221936596c62

If clicking the link does not work, you can highlight and copy the entire line above and paste it into your browser to get started.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10Eq-uxE24u2NS08PcZKgn5jpymfEZxMS0FBwIozUNSF84DeY_lVH4k8yiAnphcYyoExxRIYkrYUi4jllHfdZYLmGmdtYWtjZeejp84E_aVi9hy89ZX3BALlvDEd0S2apbvj6L-h7m-J-XHGsSM9sZWmI5tpBBVlWcFyqlJwtz9aBHquAwQLjxHp3qmNfPIVqXfqMM9EeRkKiLcDVpWIHVdqkYBBh25a0bsROIx1-CVOalTanPDI1oCxIhVp3jfi8zJPVJXLtSKQ0P5gbZg4dKmkeQfw7IcpWyUtVPfx1kTGQMBUA_TKleeDiEWjfmAI6ong1A9EX0H9E0kiLJcEQKfcnjHrpVXxBDi6E5MLjwDKgFLDrJ-fbN0_1ACkg1rtCcmDrMjEx49cwTAghZyiGLjSnPq0_UNQLY2V68bjhWJwC9F_bsQj9LivAam-Bgfkmg&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend
