---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-02"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-02

**Case:** [[cases/claris-masangu-mva-2-24-21/claris-masangu-mva-2-24-21|Claris Masangu MVA 2/24/21]]

## 10:44:35

__New Voice Message from (844) 292-8615 on 09/02/2022 10:29 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: aaron whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 2 Sep 2022 14:29:57 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (844) 292-8615 
*Received:* Friday, September 02, 2022 at 10:29 AM 
*Length:* 00:28 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Mr. Wiley, my name is Julie and I'm calling from state farm auto claims 
returning your call. Regarding Clarice mains crew, maybe whenever you get a 
chance. If you can return my call. I would appreciate it. The number. I can 
be reached at is 615-692-3538 and if you can please reference claim number 
17178 and Henry 616 W as in William thanks and have a good day." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
