---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-16"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-16

**Case:** [[cases/maryann-campbell-premise-08-04-2023/maryann-campbell-premise-08-04-2023|Maryann Campbell Premise 08/04/2023]]

## 15:38:16

__New Voice Message from (859) 522-2862 on 02/14/2024 11:04 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 14 Feb 2024 16:04:44 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (859) 522-2862 
*Received:* Wednesday, February 14, 2024 at 11:04 AM 
*Length:* 00:23 
*To:* (502) 357-9975 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Yes, Sarena, this is Marian Campbell. I can be reached at area code 
8595222862I was calling about my case. If you could give me a call back as 
soon as possible, I would appreciate it. Thank you and have a glorious 
bless day. Bye bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.
