---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-09"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-09

**Case:** [[cases/kamden-bland-mva-6-3-21/kamden-bland-mva-6-3-21|Kamden Bland MVA 6/3/21]]

## 14:29:41

Good afternoon Latasha,
Thank you for speaking with me today. Can you please attach 2 forms of identification as a reply to this text in order for us to open the blocked account?

## 16:08:17

Provided Affidavit, Release, IDs & Bank Info to AW to complete People's Bank Account for Final Distribution #Settlement #Minor #blkacct

## 16:03:38

__Re: Blocked Accounts for Minors__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 9 Jan 2023 15:02:47 -0500

Hey AW,
Here you go.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 9, 2023 at 2:25 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Can you send me everything that  is mentioned in here regarding Kamden
> Bland? Thanks. I have the Latosha ID and the signer info from today. I just
> need the rest
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Megan Easton 
> Date: Tue, Nov 1, 2022 at 3:26 PM
> Subject: Blocked Accounts for Minors
> To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 
> Cc: Doug Weede 
>
>
> Hello Aaron!
>
>
>
> I got your message from earlier. In order to set up a blocked account, per
> the terms of the new statute we would need the attached completed for the
> guardian opening the account on behalf of the minor along with two forms of
> ID (one of which must be a valid government-issued photo ID).
>
> For the minor we would prefer to have all of the same information as well
> as two forms of ID (which I know can be difficult). Minimally we need the
> full name, date of birth, and social security number of the minor.
>
>
>
> We would need the settlement agreement, and if there are any documents
> regarding guardianship, those would be needed as well.
>
>
>
> Let me or Doug (copied here) know if you have any questions!
>
>
>
> Thanks!
>
>
>
> *Megan Easton*
>
> Branch Manager
>
> Peoples Bank
>
> 3400 Dutchmans Lane
>
> Louisville, KY  40205
>
> (502) 451-8838
>
> NMLS #2120417
>
>
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE
> This message contains confidential information and is intended only for
> the individual named.  If you are not the named addressee you should not
> disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail.  Please notify the sender
> immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and
> delete this e-mail from your system.  E-mail transmission cannot be
> guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted,
> corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses.
> The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions
> in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail
> transmission.  If verification is required please request a hard-copy
> version.
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 14:41:11

__Re: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 936-4125 on 01/09/2023 1:00 PM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 9 Jan 2023 13:39:50 -0500

I called Latasha, she is sending over 2 forms of ID via Text to Kamden's
File.
I have uploaded the completed form you requested.

However, Latasha did ask about accessing the funds once deposited. I
advised that prior to this new process a Probate Case would have been
established and she could simply request funds to be released via that
Probate Case.

Unfortunately, this new process does not establish a Probate Case in the
beginning, how does she go about requesting funds to be released?

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Jan 9, 2023 at 1:20 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> I think FG said this has been completed, I will double check with her
> again.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Jan 9, 2023 at 1:16 PM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> Sarena I tagged you in a task on 12/28 re this. THere is one last
>> document from the bank that I need completed in order to deposit funds. I
>> attached it here.
>>
>> On Mon, Jan 9, 2023 at 1:10 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Client looking for status - I spoke with her before the holiday but do
>>> not have any new information to provide.
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>>> From: RingCentral 
>>> Date: Mon, Jan 9, 2023 at 1:06 PM
>>> Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 936-4125 on
>>> 01/09/2023 1:00 PM
>>> To: Sarena Tuttle 
>>>
>>>
>>> [image: Logo] [image: Logo]
>>> [image: Logo] Voice Message
>>> ------------------------------
>>>
>>> Dear Sarena Tuttle,
>>>
>>> You have a new voice message:
>>> *From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 936-4125
>>> *Received:* Monday, January 09, 2023 at 1:00 PM
>>> *Length:* 00:13
>>> *To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle
>>>
>>> *Voicemail Preview:*
>>> " Yes. Hi, this is Latasha bland. The mother of Kevin Bran. Just wanna
>>> follow, up. You can give me a phone call at 502-936-4125. Thank you, bye."
>>> Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral
>>> account  with your main number,
>>> extension number, and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your
>>> RingCentral account.
>>>
>>> Thank you for using RingCentral!
>>>
>>> ------------------------------
>>> Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you
>>> need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in
>>> one app. Get started 
>>>
>>> By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
>>> our Terms of Use .
>>>
>>> Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
>>> registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
>>> CA 94002, USA.
>>>
>>
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

## 14:08:56

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 936-4125 on 01/09/2023 1:00 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 9 Jan 2023 18:06:15 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 936-4125 
*Received:* Monday, January 09, 2023 at 1:00 PM 
*Length:* 00:13 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Yes. Hi, this is Latasha bland. The mother of Kevin Bran. Just wanna 
follow, up. You can give me a phone call at 502-936-4125. Thank you, bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
