---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-10"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-10

**Case:** [[cases/will-bryant-mva-9-20-21/will-bryant-mva-9-20-21|Will Bryant MVA 9/20/21]]

## 17:12:59

__Re: Blocked account__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Will Bryant MVA 9/20/21
Date: Tue, 10 Jan 2023 16:12:26 -0500

Hey AW,
   Recvd Guardian's ID & SS Card - Packet is complete - see attached.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Jan 10, 2023 at 2:39 PM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Spoke to Brandywyne this morning, Drafted documents, Awaiting her to text
> in her 2 forms of ID.
> Also setup F2F meeting Friday morning, Will has some questions Brandywyne
> would like us to answer for him. Also, she had asked JC if Will could get a
> check for $300-$500 before the funds are deposited.
> Also wants to discuss the process for withdrawing funds if he should need
> something in the future.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Tue, Jan 10, 2023 at 11:06 AM Aaron Whaley 
> wrote:
>
>> See if you can get this stuff for Will Bryant just like Kamden Bland. I
>> need all the same stuff to get the account set up. This is the new Minor
>> blocked account procedure so long as the amount received is less than
>> $25,000.
>>
>> --
>> Aaron Whaley
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>> Louisville, KY 40222
>> 502-583-4022
>>
>>

## 17:10:56

Recvd Guardian ID & SS Card - Completed People's Bank Minor Account Packet - Sending to AW to Finalize account setup #minorsettlement #BlkAccount

## 12:59:18

Thank you for calling me back. Can you please send 2 forms of Identification as a reply to this text?

## 15:39:46

__Re: Blocked account__
From: Sarena Tuttle [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Will Bryant MVA 9/20/21
Date: Tue, 10 Jan 2023 14:39:17 -0500

Spoke to Brandywyne this morning, Drafted documents, Awaiting her to text
in her 2 forms of ID.
Also setup F2F meeting Friday morning, Will has some questions Brandywyne
would like us to answer for him. Also, she had asked JC if Will could get a
check for $300-$500 before the funds are deposited.
Also wants to discuss the process for withdrawing funds if he should need
something in the future.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Jan 10, 2023 at 11:06 AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> See if you can get this stuff for Will Bryant just like Kamden Bland. I
> need all the same stuff to get the account set up. This is the new Minor
> blocked account procedure so long as the amount received is less than
> $25,000.
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 15:39:29

Drafted People's Bank Information Packet - Spoke w/Guardian this morning - Still awaiting 2 forms of ID - Sent Text for her to reply to this morning & again moments ago.  #MinorSettlement #BlkAccount

## 13:13:30

Called Guardian to complete Bank Information sheet - Discussed new minor account process v old process - She will send in 2 forms of ID via Text shortly - Guardian scheduled F2F for Friday Morning since Client has a lot of questions - Guardian was not sure how much Client settled for & also had requested some funds be directly issued to Client (Roughly $300-$500) - Advised would have to discuss with AW on that with new process - She looks forward to meeting on Friday #cc

## 12:06:29

__Blocked account__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:willbryantmvaz954796@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Will Bryant MVA 9/20/21
Date: Tue, 10 Jan 2023 11:06:13 -0500

See if you can get this stuff for Will Bryant just like Kamden Bland. I
need all the same stuff to get the account set up. This is the new Minor
blocked account procedure so long as the amount received is less than
$25,000.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
