---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/antonio-mitchell-mva-11-1-21/antonio-mitchell-mva-11-1-21|Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21]]

## 17:46:30

Did Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 17:46:31

1. Do we have the Police Report? Yes
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 17:46:29

1. Does Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 17:46:32

Does Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 17:46:34

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? No. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Is Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? No.
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.

## 17:46:33

Contact Antonio Mitchell Client_Antonio Mitchell MVA 11/1/21Mitchell at  and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.
