---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-17

**Case:** [[cases/danielle-ellington-mva-11-27-18/danielle-ellington-mva-11-27-18|Danielle Ellington MVA 11/27/18]]

## 13:47:09

@aaronw Please review the attached Response to DC 2nd Set of Interrogatories & RFPD - 1 Rogg & 4 RFPDs - All inquiring about 2nd accident 3 month after this one - 2/2019 File is with Winton & Hiestand

## 17:06:11

__Re: FW: SETTLEMENT OFFERS Ellington et. al. v. Robbins Claim 611621-GI__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [renee.mcfarland@nationwide.com](mailto:renee.mcfarland@nationwide.com) McFarland, Renee
Cc: [DanielleEllingtonMVAZ954622@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:DanielleEllingtonMVAZ954622@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu, 17 Feb 2022 16:05:54 -0500

Renee, I have reviewed the files. I can offer $3500 for Danielle and $2500
for Kyng, $2500 for Kyla and $1500 for Kamden.

Danielle was discharged from the ER with crutches and Kyng's EMS records
show Head Trauma, abrasion to right eyebrow w/no active capillary bleeding.
His ER records show RT eye w/superficial abrasion on outer edge of upper
lid. Also a focal area of swelling on the right forehead.

Kyla's EMS records show Injury of Head, headaches, but nothing else worth
mentioning. However, her ER records do note lacerations, 1cm superficial
abrasion on chin, 0.5cm abrasion on left scalp & a hematoma of the frontal
scalp.

On Fri, Feb 11, 2022 at 2:52 PM McFarland, Renee <
renee.mcfarland@nationwide.com> wrote:

> Dear Aaron Whaley,
>
>
>
> I am writing to follow up on the email below that I sent February 1, 2022
> extending settlement offers.
>
>
>
> Please advise whether you have discussed these offers with your clients
> and provide a response.
>
>
>
> I look forward to hearing from you.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
> *Renee McFarland*
>
>
> *Claims Litigation Specialist *PL Field Claims Casualty East
>
> PO Box 182068
> Columbus OH 43218-2068
>
> 614-435-4594 | Fax 866-402-1407
>
> renee.mcfarland@nationwide.com
>
>
>
> Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company
>
>
>
> *Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company
> or other person files a statement of claim containing any materially false
> information or conceals, for the purpose of misleading, information
> concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act,
> which is a crime. *
>
>
>
> *From:* McFarland, Renee
> *Sent:* Tuesday, February 01, 2022 12:40 PM
> *To:* agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com
> *Cc:* krauserlegal@gmail.com; mkrauser@krauserbrown.com
> *Subject:* SETTLEMENT OFFERS Ellington et. al. v. Robbins Claim 611621-GI
>
>
>
> Dear Aaron Whaley,
>
>
>
> I just called your office to discuss the pending claims for your clients.
> I was calling to make settlement offers.
>
>
>
> In reviewing my file, liability is being disputed between the two drivers.
> My offers are based on 50% liability being placed on each party. I show
> that each of your clients had ER treatment.
>
>
>
> Following are the offers I am extending:
>
>
>
> Danielle Ellington - $1000
> Kyla Ellington - $750
>
> Kamdyn Ellington - $500
> Kyng Reyes - $750
>
>
>
> Please discuss these offers with your client and let me know the response.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
> *Renee McFarland*
>
>
> *Claims Litigation Specialist *PL Field Claims Casualty East
>
> PO Box 182068
> Columbus OH 43218-2068
>
> 614-435-4594 | Fax 866-402-1407
>
> renee.mcfarland@nationwide.com
>
>
>
> Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company
>
>
>
> *Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance company
> or other person files a statement of claim containing any materially false
> information or conceals, for the purpose of misleading, information
> concerning any fact material thereto commits a fraudulent insurance act,
> which is a crime. *
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:15:51

Attempted to call Client back again - She was just checking status - Explained negotiation process and that even though we know her acceptable offer, we will attempted to get the most money available - Discussed in the negotiation process both sides have 30 days to respond to each Offer or Counter Demand made - Reassured her that our office does not await 30 days to respond to Offers but the Adjuster/DC does have 30 days to respond to us - Negotiation time varies depending on the Adjuster and how quickly they get back us as well as how quickly a mutual number can be reached - She expressed understanding - Advised we will definitely reach out as soon as we feel a LBF Offer has been received.
