---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-28

**Case:** [[cases/danielle-ellington-mva-11-27-18/danielle-ellington-mva-11-27-18|Danielle Ellington MVA 11/27/18]]

## 12:05:44

@stuttle Make sure you file in the circuit court the minor settlement apporoval soon. Cancel the district court.

## 10:46:28

__Settlement__
From: Danielle Ellington  [danielleellington21@gmail.com](mailto:danielleellington21@gmail.com)
To: STuttle.wlf@gmail.com 
CC:  
Date: Fri, 25 Mar 2022 16:37:26 -0400

Hello, I have a few questions I know as a lawyer you received your 40% my
question is why out of my settlement you took another 666.66 I understand I
am responsible for 874.46 in expenses but why are you getting an additional
666.66 outside of your 40%? So I’ll be getting the other 2,446.66 when my
childrens funds are released?

## 13:15:21

Per AW - Remove from Probate and file in Civil Circuit - Called Probate removed from docket - Drafting Civil Minor Settlements now - Notified Danielle no need to attend Probate 03/31 - She expressed understanding

## 12:38:05

__Danielle Ellington -  - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 
Date: Mon, 28 Mar 2022 15:57:08 +0000 (UTC)

From Name: Danielle Ellington
From Number: 502-424-4047
From Company: 
Asking to speak to Sarena or Aaron. The check they gave to her isn't right. Not going to send the check until she gets it explained why it's only half of what she is supposed to get. She mentioned she emailed as well. 

Actions: 
To: Sarena Tuttle	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 03/28/2022 11:55 AM
Caller ID: Louisville KY	5024244047
Ruby Receptionist: Lannan S.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.
