---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-22

**Case:** [[cases/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020|Dewayne Flowers MVA 08/24/2020]]

## 12:31:27

Recvd VM - Client called back to go over Discovery - Reviewed - Need to send Return Envelope - Also discussed Tasha's role in case - At the time of the incident they were not a couple but now they are and any damages she has to pay will come from both their pockets - Advised Client that she is technically a Defendant, however we have not pursued her - Advised the Defense will pursue her and attempt to make the accident her fault and recommend that she seeks an attorney as soon as possible - Explained while she is a Co-Def she is also a Co-Plaintiff and she should look for an attorney that can assist with both sides - the Defense is attempting to serve her and she should get an attorney prior to being served to stay ahead of the deadlines - Client expressed understanding and will discuss situation w/Tasha. #cc #discovery #Tasha

## 12:27:15

__New Voice Message from Cameron Smith 105 on 06/22/2022 11:12 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 15:12:58 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Cameron Smith 105 
*Received:* Wednesday, June 22, 2022 at 11:12 AM 
*Length:* 00:12 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" This is Dwayne if you could call me back at 217-497-3865." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 10:17:03

Returned Client call - He was calling about his Discovery - Advised him to answer the questions to the best of his ability paying attention to make sure to list all medical providers and criminal history - If he has any other questions he is welcome to call back and we can go over them. #cc
