---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-25

**Case:** [[cases/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020|Dewayne Flowers MVA 08/24/2020]]

## 12:23:49

__New Voice Message from ALLISON PITZER (502) 345-9967 on 07/25/2023 11:20 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2023 15:20:17 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ALLISON PITZER (502) 345-9967 
*Received:* Tuesday, July 25, 2023 at 11:20 AM 
*Length:* 00:18 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, it is Allison Pitzer, the Bailiff. This is regarding the summons on 
Tasha blankenship. If you could give me a call 3459967I appreciate it. 
Thank you, bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 12:17:27

Recvd call from Special Bailiff - Alison - They attempted 117 Countryside Dr - New Resident has only lived there about 3 weeks (photo verified not Tasha) - Provided 600 Lake Street Address for 2nd attempt #Service #SpecialBailiff
