---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-12-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-12-28

**Case:** [[cases/robert-sanford-wc-7-3-19/robert-sanford-wc-7-3-19|Robert Sanford WC 7/3/19]]

## 16:07:14

Recvd Call from Client - Advised WD Letter & Copy of Order was mailed to him on 12/20 and he should be receiving soon - Advised ALJ Dismissed Claim & Advised he is able to appeal the claim but would need new counsel in order to do so - Advised if he does retain new counsel we are more than happy to send over his file - He expressed understanding and while disappointed appreciated our help #cc

## 16:00:32

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (859) 489-9440 on 12/28/2022 2:51 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 28 Dec 2022 19:51:32 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (859) 489-9440 
*Received:* Wednesday, December 28, 2022 at 2:51 PM 
*Length:* 00:21 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Yes, Serena this is Robert Sanford. Appreciate if you give me a call back 
at 85948994408594899400 thanks." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
