---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-07

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022|Erin McCoy MVA 06/30/2022]]

## 13:16:51

@aaronw @jchumbley  Do we have record of the Lien reduction for OSSP? They are advising this claim is still open in their system with a balance of $3486.54 but settlement statement shows full reduction.

## 15:58:31

__Re: OSSP Litigation Inquiry__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Karley Jones  [kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com)
CC: Alex Paras  [aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com)
Date: Thu, 7 Dec 2023 14:57:18 -0500

Good afternoon Karley,
    Mrs. Moore's claim is still in litigation, we have a trial set for
early to mid next year.
     Mrs. McCoy's claim is able to be settled but there are limited funds
available, we would like to request a reduction to $1,743.27 to ensure all
providers receive some type of payment.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Dec 7, 2023 at 10:43?AM Karley Jones <
kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com> wrote:

> Good morning,
>
>
>
> I hope you are well. Just following up on the below case(s) we show is
> currently in litigation to see if it has settled or is in the process of
> settling at this time. To date, the client(s) below still have pending
> balances with?*Ortho Sport and Spine Physicians (OSSP) and/or Acute
> Physical Therapy (APT)*.?**At the time of this report, the balances shown
> indicate which facilities the client(s) were being treated.*
>
>
>
> Also, when you can, please?*update*?us on the status of the case(s)
> below:
>
>    -
>
>    Still in Litigation
>    -
>
>    Deposition Stage
>    -
>
>    Mediation Stage
>    -
>
>    Trial Date Pending
>    -
>
>    Settled
>
> *Whaley Law Firm*
>
> *Patient Name?*
>
> *D.O.B?*
>
> *D.O.I?*
>
> *Balance?*
>
> *Update?*
>
> *Erin McCoy*
>
> 12/10/1982
>
> 6/30/2022
>
> *OSSP: $3,486.54*
>
>
>
> *Andrea Moore*
>
> 6/11/1992
>
> 2/19/2021
>
> *OSSP: $16,006.91*
>
> *APT: $3,991.00*
>
> ???
>
>
>
> Please also let me know if you need anything (i.e., records, billing,
> etc.) or if I can assist your firm with settling any of the bills. Thanks!
>
> Kind regards,
>
>
>
> *Karley Jones *
>
> *Case Manager*
>
> d:
>
> 678-831-7758
>
> f:
>
> 305.397.2794
>
> Confidentiality Notice: The contents of this email and any attachments are
> intended solely for the addressee(s) specified and may contain confidential
> and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure.
> It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third
> party, without a written consent of the sender. If you received this
> message by mistake, please reply to this message immediately, to alert the
> sender and follow with its deletion and any attachments. This is to ensure
> such a mistake does not occur in the future. If you are not the intended
> recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or
> storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.
>
>

## 13:17:42

__OSSP Litigation Inquiry__
From: Karley Jones  [kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Alex Paras  [aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com)
Date: Thu, 7 Dec 2023 15:43:23 +0000

Good morning,

?

I hope you are well. Just following up on the below case(s) we show is currently in litigation to see if it has settled or is in the process of settling at this time. To date, the client(s) below still have pending balances with?Ortho Sport and Spine Physicians (OSSP) and/or Acute Physical Therapy (APT).?*At the time of this report, the balances shown indicate which facilities the client(s) were being treated.

??

Also, when you can, please?update?us on the status of the case(s) below:

  *   Still in Litigation

  *   Deposition Stage

  *   Mediation Stage

  *   Trial Date Pending

  *   Settled

Whaley Law Firm

Patient Name?

D.O.B?

D.O.I?

Balance?

Update?

Erin McCoy

12/10/1982

6/30/2022

OSSP: $3,486.54




Andrea Moore

6/11/1992

2/19/2021

OSSP: $16,006.91

APT: $3,991.00

???



Please also let me know if you need anything (i.e., records, billing, etc.) or if I can assist your firm with settling any of the bills. Thanks!


Kind regards,

[cid:b55ef520-a747-431a-b953-b931d3ec7a22]

Karley Jones

Case Manager

d:

678-831-7758

f:

305.397.2794


Confidentiality Notice: The contents of this email and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) specified and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third party, without a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message immediately, to alert the sender and follow with its deletion and any attachments. This is to ensure such a mistake does not occur in the future. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.
