---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-30

**Case:** [[cases/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023/cody-kuchan-mva-8-5-2023|Cody Kuchan MVA 8/5/2023]]

## 16:45:02

__Re: Personal injury claim__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [kuchanc2@gmail.com](mailto:kuchanc2@gmail.com) Cody Kuchan
Date: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 16:43:05 -0400

Hi Mr. Cody,

We received a letter from Allstate Insurance, stating that they will not be
responsible for any towing and/or storage charges after 8/21/2023. Please
move the vehicle to a storage location free of cost or a residence.

Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 4:50?PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:

> Hi Mr. Cody,
>
> We are still waiting for the medical records from Compass Emergency
> Physicians. But we will make sure to follow up on them. Once we receive all
> medical records and bills, we will forward it to your car insurance to
> discuss the settlement. I'll keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
> On Mon, Aug 28, 2023 at 11:11?AM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>
>> Hello just checking in on any updates
>>
>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023, 2:53 PM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>
>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>
>>> We just received the medical records and bills from St. Elizabeth Fort
>>> Thomas Hospital yesterday. Right now, we are just waiting for the medical
>>> records from Compass Emergency Physicians. Once we receive them, we can now
>>> forward them to your car insurance to discuss the settlement. I'll keep you
>>> posted for any updates. Thank you.
>>>
>>> Respectfully,
>>>
>>> Coleen Madayag
>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>
>>> On Fri, Aug 25, 2023 at 2:15?PM Cody Kuchan  wrote:
>>>
>>>> Any updates?
>>>>
>>>> On Thu, Aug 24, 2023, 8:24 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>
>>>>> In regards to your question, we can't give you yet an answer for the
>>>>> value of your case until you're finished with your treatment and when we
>>>>> receive the medical records and bills from your medical providers. Until
>>>>> then we don't know the full extent of your injuries and medical bills. We
>>>>> will keep you posted once we have all the information and when there's any
>>>>> updates on your case. Thank you.
>>>>>
>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>
>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>
>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 11:20?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Also, I have a couple questions.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> What do you think a rough estimate I can potentially get?
>>>>>> And are we also going to try to get compensation for pain and
>>>>>> suffering? I was off work for a while week, and I got evicted the same week
>>>>>> and had to move my stuff with broken ribs. I'm on anti depressants and this
>>>>>> accident really threw me off course
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023, 10:15 AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Hi Mr. Cody,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> This is noted. I will give you an update to this email about your
>>>>>>> claim and/or case. Thank you.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Respectfully,
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Coleen Madayag
>>>>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>>>>>>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>>>>>>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> On Wed, Aug 23, 2023 at 10:00?AM Cody Kuchan 
>>>>>>> wrote:
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>> Hi Coleen,
>>>>>>>> Please use this email to notify me of any updates to my claim. My
>>>>>>>> phone is currently broke.
>>>>>>>>
>>>>>>>

## 16:05:16

A call from Coleen Thea  Madayag was logged at 2023-08-30 20:01:59.912000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 5026861468 

Caller ID: 502-686-1468 

Caller Name: Cody Kuchan 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/17025499

## 12:37:44

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 30 Aug 2023 12:37:37 -0400

Make sure his PD is addressed asap

Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax  
Sent: Wednesday, August 30, 2023 12:18 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/
