---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-05"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-05

**Case:** [[cases/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023|Eric Gardner Jr MVA 5/13/2023]]

## 14:11:10

__Fwd: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [EricGardnerJrMVAZ3757837@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:EricGardnerJrMVAZ3757837@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 5 Jun 2023 14:10:13 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Akande, Kristen 
Date: Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 1:17?PM
Subject: RE: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner
To: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 


Thank you Colleen!



Thank you,



*Kristen Akande, PIP Adjuster II*
* MedPIP *

6000 American Parkway | Madison, Wisconsin 53783 | view map


*Office Phone: (800) 280-1466 ext. 6272*| *Fax:* 615-695-4471

*The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*





*From:* Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag 
*Sent:* Friday, May 26, 2023 10:41 AM
*To:* Akande, Kristen 
*Subject:* Re: 01-006-156589; Eric Gardner



Hi Kristen, Any non ER related providers, and you can send the payments
directly to them. In regards to the contact number for the passenger, David
Crawley, it is 502-415-2074. Thank you. Respectfully, Coleen Madayag Whaley
Law FirmPh: (502)450-9495Fax:

Hi Kristen,



Any non ER related providers, and you can send the payments directly to
them.

In regards to the contact number for the passenger, David Crawley, it
is 502-415-2074. Thank you.



Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363



On Fri, May 26, 2023 at 8:16?AM Akande, Kristen 
wrote:

Also, I understand that you do not want any of the Hospital treatment and
their Dr. Groups paid, but I wanted to clarify which of Mr. Gardner?s
Providers you would like paid and do you want us to send the payments
directly to them?



Thank you,



*Kristen Akande, PIP Adjuster II*
* MedPIP *

6000 American Parkway | Madison, Wisconsin 53783 | view map


*Office Phone: (800) 280-1466 ext. 6272*| *Fax:* 615-695-4471

*The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*





*CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:** This e-mail, including any attachments, may
contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
attachments and all copies.*

Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)

## 08:39:08

__New Insurance Note:__ 6/5 A recorded statement with Mr. Richard Smith of The General Insurance is scheduled for tomorrow at 1:30pm.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ The General Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea
