---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-18"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-18

**Case:** [[cases/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023/eric-gardner-jr-mva-5-13-2023|Eric Gardner Jr MVA 5/13/2023]]

## 14:17:32

@coleen Please confirm if client went to ER via EMS

## 12:08:59

__Re: Claim 01-006-156589 Request for Updated DOP__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [CComish-Osgood@thegeneral.com](mailto:CComish-Osgood@thegeneral.com) Comish-Osgood, Christine
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2023 12:07:31 -0400

Hi Ms. Christine,

Please hold payment. We will first review some records and bills. We will
just keep you posted for any updates. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 10:35?AM Comish-Osgood, Christine <
CComish-Osgood@thegeneral.com> wrote:

> Good morning Colleen,
>
>
>
> I am writing to you regarding Mr Garner?s Claim for Date of Loss
> 5/13/2023.  Your direction to pay stated we could pray non Hospital bills
> up to $6,000 and to hold $4,000.   We  have now paid a full $6,000 dollars
> and I am asking that you send an updated DOP with regards to how to process
> the remaining $4,000. Would you be ok if we continued to process the bills
> as we have been, paying Bluegrass and Injury Center directly? Or would like
> us to apply the $4,000 elsewhere?  Let us know and thank you!
>
>
>
> Christine on behalf of Kristen
>
>
>
>
>
> [image: A black and white sign Description automatically generated with
> medium confidence]
>
>
> *Christine V. Comish-Osgood, Supervisor MedPIP*
>
> 6000 American Parkway | Madison, WI 53783-0001 | view map
> 
>
> *Office Phone:* 800-280-1466 Ext6300
>
> *The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
> contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
> solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
> disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
> intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
> attachments and all copies.*
>
> Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
> Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
> American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
> Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)
>

## 12:05:45

__Re: Claim 01-006-156589 Request for Updated DOP__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2023 12:04:18 -0400

This is noted, Atty. I'll inform PIP to hold payment. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 11:45?AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Hold payment. I want to see UL bills first.
>
> On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 11:16?AM Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>
>> Hi Atty. Aaron,
>>
>> In regards to our client, Eric Gardner Jr., I received an email from PIP,
>> asking for an updated DOP. How would you like to proceed? Thank you.
>>
>> Respectfully,
>>
>> Coleen Madayag
>> Whaley Law Firm
>> Ph: (502)450-9495
>> Fax: (502)364-9363
>> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: Comish-Osgood, Christine 
>> Date: Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 10:35?AM
>> Subject: Claim 01-006-156589 Request for Updated DOP
>> To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com 
>> Cc: Medical PIP 
>>
>>
>> Good morning Colleen,
>>
>>
>>
>> I am writing to you regarding Mr Garner?s Claim for Date of Loss
>> 5/13/2023.  Your direction to pay stated we could pray non Hospital bills
>> up to $6,000 and to hold $4,000.   We  have now paid a full $6,000 dollars
>> and I am asking that you send an updated DOP with regards to how to process
>> the remaining $4,000. Would you be ok if we continued to process the bills
>> as we have been, paying Bluegrass and Injury Center directly? Or would like
>> us to apply the $4,000 elsewhere?  Let us know and thank you!
>>
>>
>>
>> Christine on behalf of Kristen
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> [image: A black and white sign Description automatically generated with
>> medium confidence]
>>
>>
>> *Christine V. Comish-Osgood, Supervisor MedPIP*
>>
>> 6000 American Parkway | Madison, WI 53783-0001 | view map
>> 
>>
>> *Office Phone:* 800-280-1466 Ext6300
>>
>> *The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>>
>> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
>> contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
>> solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
>> disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
>> intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
>> attachments and all copies.*
>>
>> Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
>> Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
>> American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
>> Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 11:16:54

__Fwd: Claim 01-006-156589 Request for Updated DOP__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Tue, 18 Jul 2023 11:14:55 -0400

Hi Atty. Aaron,

In regards to our client, Eric Gardner Jr., I received an email from PIP,
asking for an updated DOP. How would you like to proceed? Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Comish-Osgood, Christine 
Date: Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 10:35?AM
Subject: Claim 01-006-156589 Request for Updated DOP
To: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com 
Cc: Medical PIP 


Good morning Colleen,



I am writing to you regarding Mr Garner?s Claim for Date of Loss
5/13/2023.  Your direction to pay stated we could pray non Hospital bills
up to $6,000 and to hold $4,000.   We  have now paid a full $6,000 dollars
and I am asking that you send an updated DOP with regards to how to process
the remaining $4,000. Would you be ok if we continued to process the bills
as we have been, paying Bluegrass and Injury Center directly? Or would like
us to apply the $4,000 elsewhere?  Let us know and thank you!



Christine on behalf of Kristen





[image: A black and white sign Description automatically generated with
medium confidence]


*Christine V. Comish-Osgood, Supervisor MedPIP*

6000 American Parkway | Madison, WI 53783-0001 | view map


*Office Phone:* 800-280-1466 Ext6300

*The General Insurance, an **AmFam Group **Company*













*CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may
contain confidential, privileged and/or proprietary information which is
solely for the use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, use,
disclosure or retention by others is strictly prohibited. If you are not an
intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete this e-mail, any
attachments and all copies.*

Permanent General Assurance Corporation | Permanent General Assurance
Corporation of Ohio | The General Automobile Insurance Company, Inc. | Old
American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company (TX only) | Homesite
Insurance Company of Georgia (GA only)
