---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-12-13"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-12-13

**Case:** [[cases/mark-bush-mva-8-8-2023/mark-bush-mva-8-8-2023|Mark Bush MVA 8/8/2023]]

## 11:41:06

__Mark Bush__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [lgsweasy@gmail.com](mailto:lgsweasy@gmail.com) Gail Sweasy, [MarkBushZ3869182@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MarkBushZ3869182@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Mark Bush
Date: Wed, 13 Dec 2023 10:40:50 -0500

Gail, do you have any off-work notes for him?  He missed work until
8/21/23. Thanks.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:37:14

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 12/13 updated client. authority to LBF then need to add lost wages. Missed 2 weeks have wage and salary filled out. Missing Dr.'s notes. asked client to find. calm. Jai'Sean is special needs and Mark is Guardian.
__Insurance Type:__ Uninsured Motorist (UM)
__Insurance Company:__ Liberty Mutual Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Aaron Whaley
 #negotiations

## 04:07:01

Time to check in with client again

## 10:27:26

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Called client to provide update. Client is asking about the offer. i advised it will be discussed by Justin. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Jessa
__Date & Time__: December 13 2023

## 10:27:15

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 09:30:41

__FW: Mark Bush and Jai'Sean Mitchell - Claim#:054439642-08__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [markbushz3869182@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:markbushz3869182@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) 'Mark Bush'
Cc: [JaiSeanMitchellMVAZ3870200@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JaiSeanMitchellMVAZ3870200@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 13 Dec 2023 08:30:34 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: SCHEM, CHRISTINE  
Sent: Wednesday, December 13, 2023 8:28 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Mark Bush and Jai'Sean Mitchell - Claim#:054439642-08

 


 
 

 
 

 


 

 


Hi Justin,

 

I finished reviewing the time limit demands for Mark Bush and Jai'Sean
Mitchell. I understand that PIP covered all of the medical bills for both
your clients, so these offers are for general damages only. If you don't
include the last chiro visit for both clients that happened after a
five-week gap, the total treatment time for both is around a month. I can
offer both clients $1,500 to resolve their claims. 

 

Please note that I will be out of office from 12/14-12/20. 

 

Sincerely,

Christine

 

 


 

 


 
 

 


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 054439642},{Exposure-Number : 08},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM}]

	 


Policy underwritten by Liberty Mutual Personal Insurance Company

C 2023 Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkeley Street, Boston, MA
02116

 

 

Christine Schem

Claims Resolution Specialist 

Liberty Mutual/ Safeco Insurance 

Direct Dial: (216) 875-7042

Fax: (888) 268-8840


USPS Mail Only

FedEX/UPS
(including Overnight, Next Day, and other non-USPS deliveries)


Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
P.O. Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014

Liberty Mutual or Safeco Claims
19 Bert Collins Drive
Throop, PA 18512


For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all
correspondence by e-mail. For large files (greater than 10GB), ask me about
OneDrive



If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any
attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email
in error, please notify me via return email and via telephone at
800-313-8844 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any email,
attachment, and any printout thereof. To learn more about Liberty Mutual's
privacy policy, go to  
www.libertymutual.com/privacy

## 09:30:19

__New Demand Negotiation Note:__ 12/13 Initial offer received $1,500
__Insurance Type:__ Uninsured Motorist (UM)
__Insurance Company:__ Liberty Mutual Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Justin Chumbley
 #negotiations

## 04:07:04

Two Week follow up with client initiated
