---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-12

**Case:** [[cases/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020/dewayne-flowers-mva-08-24-2020|Dewayne Flowers MVA 08/24/2020]]

## 15:01:17

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 779-7989 on 07/12/2023 2:05 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 12 Jul 2023 18:06:13 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 779-7989 
*Received:* Wednesday, July 12, 2023 at 2:05 PM 
*Length:* 00:18 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hey, Serena, this is Dan Flowers. I have been looking for a response as 
far as what was going on. But you can call me when you get a chance there. 
270-779-7989, all right?" 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 15:00:08

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - Checking Status of Things - Advised Client we have filed Motion for Special Bailiff - He is familiar with this since we used Special Bailiff for Def Vaught - He further explained Def Blankenship does suffer from PTSD and easily intimidated by male presence & dominance - He suggests female contact would probably get us a bit further as far as getting testimony - He also explained that Tompkinsville Addresses are Def Blankenship's mother's house - He moved from Countryside Dr Address leaving Def Blankenship in the residence (updated his new address in TX) - Advised Client that once we are approved for special bailiff  we will make sure Bailiff understands CountrySide is best address but Def is a homebody and will likely not answer the door but will need to be approached in public - He expressed understanding of the situation and hopes things make a better turn. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: July 12 2023

## 14:59:53

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 14:59:39

Recvd Client VM - Returned his call - Checking Status of Things - Advised Client we have filed Motion for Special Bailiff - He is familiar with this since we used Special Bailiff for Def Vaught - He further explained Def Blankenship does suffer from PTSD and easily intimidated by male presence & dominance - He suggests female contact would probably get us a bit further as far as getting testimony - He also explained that Tompkinsville Addresses are Def Blankenship's mother's house - He moved from Countryside Dr Address leaving Def Blankenship in the residence (updated his new address in TX) - Advised Client that once we are approved for special bailiff  we will make sure Bailiff understands CountrySide is best address but Def is a homebody and will likely not answer the door but will need to be approached in public - He expressed understanding of the situation and hopes things make a better turn.
