---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-09"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-09

**Case:** [[cases/arianna-goldsberry-mva-7-13-21/arianna-goldsberry-mva-7-13-21|Arianna Goldsberry MVA 7/13/21]]

## 11:46:40

__Re: Progressive Claim 21-3627000/Arianna Goldberry__
From: Cameron Smith [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [AriannaGoldsberryMVAZ954581@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AriannaGoldsberryMVAZ954581@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 9 Mar 2022 10:46:23 -0500

that was sent to her i will follow up

On Wed, Mar 9, 2022 at 10:42 AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Need to get her to fill this out and sign to finish up PIP.
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Teresa R Doerr 
> Date: Wed, Mar 9, 2022 at 10:36 AM
> Subject: Progressive Claim 21-3627000/Arianna Goldberry
> To: Aaron Whaley 
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
>
>
> We still need the following to complete our investigation for KACP
> coverage:
>
>
>
>    1. Affidavit questionnaire.
>    2. Loss vehicle information including year, make, model and VIN#.
>    3. At fault vehicle information including year, make, model and VIN#.
>    4. At fault carrier information.
>    5. Police report.
>    6. Insurance denial for the vehicle your client occupied at the time
>    of loss.
>    7. Copy of any applicable health plan card.
>    8. Uninsured vehicle owner information.
>
>
> Please be advised without all of the above information we are unable to
> complete our investigation. We have also sent this request via mail.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
> Teresa R. Doerr
>
> KY PIP Claims Representative
>
> Progressive Adjusting Insurance Company
>
> PO Box 2930
>
> Clinton IA 52733
>
> Phone Number: (502) 909-3595
>
> Fax Number: (877) 213-7258
>
> Email: Teresa_R_Doerr@progressive.com
>
> My hours of availability: Monday through Thursday 6:15am-3:15pm and Friday
> 6:15am-11:15am EST.
>
>
>
>
>
> The contents of this e-mail and any attachments are confidential and may
> be legally privileged, intended solely for the addressee.  If you are not
> the intended recipient, be advised that any use, dissemination,
> distribution, storage (including electronic) or copying of this e-mail is
> strictly prohibited.  If you receive this e-mail in error, please notify
> the sender immediately by reply e-mail and destroy the message and its
> attachments.
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 11:42:39

__Fwd: Progressive Claim 21-3627000/Arianna Goldberry__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) Cameron Smith
Cc: [AriannaGoldsberryMVAZ954581@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AriannaGoldsberryMVAZ954581@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 9 Mar 2022 10:42:22 -0500

Need to get her to fill this out and sign to finish up PIP.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Teresa R Doerr 
Date: Wed, Mar 9, 2022 at 10:36 AM
Subject: Progressive Claim 21-3627000/Arianna Goldberry
To: Aaron Whaley 


Good afternoon,



We still need the following to complete our investigation for KACP coverage:



   1. Affidavit questionnaire.
   2. Loss vehicle information including year, make, model and VIN#.
   3. At fault vehicle information including year, make, model and VIN#.
   4. At fault carrier information.
   5. Police report.
   6. Insurance denial for the vehicle your client occupied at the time of
   loss.
   7. Copy of any applicable health plan card.
   8. Uninsured vehicle owner information.


Please be advised without all of the above information we are unable to
complete our investigation. We have also sent this request via mail.



Thank you,



Teresa R. Doerr

KY PIP Claims Representative

Progressive Adjusting Insurance Company

PO Box 2930

Clinton IA 52733

Phone Number: (502) 909-3595

Fax Number: (877) 213-7258

Email: Teresa_R_Doerr@progressive.com

My hours of availability: Monday through Thursday 6:15am-3:15pm and Friday
6:15am-11:15am EST.





The contents of this e-mail and any attachments are confidential and may be
legally privileged, intended solely for the addressee.  If you are not the
intended recipient, be advised that any use, dissemination, distribution,
storage (including electronic) or copying of this e-mail is strictly
prohibited.  If you receive this e-mail in error, please notify the sender
immediately by reply e-mail and destroy the message and its attachments.




-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
