---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-07

**Case:** [[cases/jesse-watters-mva-02-16-2021/jesse-watters-mva-02-16-2021|Jesse Watters MVA 02/16/2021]]

## 14:57:15

Send Closing letter.

## 14:56:44

@aaronw Please review the attached Notice of Withdrawal for approval before distribution to all DC

## 16:53:19

A call from aaron  whaley was logged at 2022-10-07 20:48:46.037000+00:00 . #outboundcall

Caller Info: 6065142972 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(606) 514-2972, Personal Mobile:(606) 514-2972 

Caller Name: Jesse A. Watters 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/6091028

## 16:58:02

__2/16/21 accident__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jessewatters46@gmail.com](mailto:jessewatters46@gmail.com)
Cc: [JesseWattersZ1902789@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JesseWattersZ1902789@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 7 Oct 2022 16:57:47 -0400

Jesse, I just tried calling you.  I saw that you wanted to fire my office.
That is certainly your right. However, whether you fire my office or not
you have to wait until Spring to get this settled. That is when the
mediation will occur regardless. I understand you want this done faster and
so do the others. Understand though that the only way for this to have
happened at the time that was previously scheduled would have been for you
to take less money than you should get. You hired my office two months
before the mediation and you were not responsive to multiple calls from my
office. In this case there is only so much money to get. Every dollar you
get takes from the others and every dollar they get takes from you. So, if
we would have resolved it when they wanted you would have gotten way less
money. I have nothing to do with this going all of the way until the
Spring. I can be ready much sooner.

I have already put in a lot of the work that is necessary and firing me
wont get you paid sooner. Let me finish making as much for you as I can.
That's what my job is.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 15:28:26

__Re: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED__
From: Jo Nell Hays  [jnh@bchm.work](mailto:jnh@bchm.work)
To: "Bunnell ,  Kyle"  [kyle.bunnell@dinsmore.com](mailto:kyle.bunnell@dinsmore.com)
CC: Nathan Williams  [nathan@bccnlaw.com](mailto:nathan@bccnlaw.com),  Larry Sword  [larrysword@swordandbroyles.com](mailto:larrysword@swordandbroyles.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  "Barfield ,  Mindy"  [mindy.barfield@dinsmore.com](mailto:mindy.barfield@dinsmore.com),  Marcia Ridings  [marcia@hmrkylaw.com](mailto:marcia@hmrkylaw.com),  "Doyle ,  Patty"  [Patty.Doyle@dinsmore.com](mailto:Patty.Doyle@dinsmore.com),  "rj33@highland.net"  [rj33@highland.net](mailto:rj33@highland.net),  Emily Gribbins  [emilyg@bccnlaw.com](mailto:emilyg@bccnlaw.com),  "Lizer ,  Elissa"  [Elissa.Lizer@dinsmore.com](mailto:Elissa.Lizer@dinsmore.com)
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2022 14:58:08 +0000

Brian might prefer a 9:30 or 10:00 am start.  I’ll check with him.

Sent from my iPhone

On Oct 5, 2022, at 9:54 AM, Bunnell, Kyle  wrote:

?
Thanks for your responses, everyone.

Jo Nell - can we schedule the mediation for March 17, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. EST?  It will be in person.

My office will see if the McCreary County Courthouse is available - and keep everyone posted on location.

Best,

Kyle
[image001.jpg]
Kyle R. Bunnell
Associate
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  •  Legal Counsel
City Center
100 West Main St
Suite 900
Lexington, KY 40507
T (859) 425-1045  •  F (859) 425-1099
E kyle.bunnell@dinsmore.com  •  dinsmore.com
From: Nathan Williams 
Sent: Wednesday, October 5, 2022 9:50 AM
To: Larry Sword ; Bunnell, Kyle ; Sarena Tuttle 
Cc: Aaron Whaley ; Barfield, Mindy ; Marcia Ridings ; Doyle, Patty ; Jo Nell Hays ; rj33@highland.net; Emily Gribbins 
Subject: RE: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED

I can make those dates work as well.

Nathan D. Williams
Partner | BAHE COOK CANTLEY & NEFZGER PLC
[image003.png]

Campbellsville Office:
1510 East Broadway
Campbellsville, Kentucky 42718
[t] 270.789.0088 | [f] 888.374.0874

Louisville Office:
1041 Goss Avenue
Louisville, Kentucky 40217
[t] 502.587.2002 | [f] 502.587.2006

[e] nathan@bccnlaw.com | [w] kentuckyinjurylaw.com


From: Larry Sword >
Sent: Tuesday, October 4, 2022 1:48 PM
To: Bunnell, Kyle >; Sarena Tuttle >
Cc: Aaron Whaley >; Nathan Williams >; Barfield, Mindy >; Marcia Ridings >; Doyle, Patty >; Jo Nell Hays >; rj33@highland.net
Subject: RE: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED

Kyle,

March 10 or March 17 are good.

Thanks.

Larry F. Sword
SWORD & BROYLES
3311 S. Highway 27, Suite 8
Somerset, KY 42501
Telephone: 606-6795927


From: Bunnell, Kyle >
Sent: Tuesday, October 04, 2022 1:22 PM
To: Sarena Tuttle >
Cc: Aaron Whaley >; Larry Sword >; Nathan Williams >; Barfield, Mindy >; Marcia Ridings >; Doyle, Patty >; Jo Nell Hays >; rj33@highland.net
Subject: RE: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED

Sarena - I circulated some dates this morning in the attached email.  How does March 10, 13, or 17 look for everyone?

Best,

Kyle
[image001.jpg]
Kyle R. Bunnell
Associate
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  •  Legal Counsel
City Center
100 West Main St
Suite 900
Lexington, KY 40507
T (859) 425-1045  •  F (859) 425-1099
E kyle.bunnell@dinsmore.com  •  dinsmore.com
From: Sarena Tuttle >
Sent: Tuesday, October 4, 2022 1:20 PM
To: Bunnell, Kyle >
Cc: Aaron Whaley >; Larry Sword >; Nathan Williams >; Barfield, Mindy >; Marcia Ridings >; Doyle, Patty >; Jo Nell Hays >
Subject: Re: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED

Good afternoon Mr. Bunnell,
   Our office's calendar is pretty open for March 2023. Please provide dates Mr. House and the other counsels are available and we will confirm a date.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 1:56 PM Aaron Whaley > wrote:

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Bunnell, Kyle >
Date: Wed, Sep 28, 2022 at 1:52 PM
Subject: Allstate - Whitley City mediation -- 9/30/22, 10:00 am - CANCELLED
To: Larry Sword >, Nathan Williams >, Aaron Whaley >
Cc: Barfield, Mindy >, Marcia Ridings >, Doyle, Patty >, Jo Nell Hays >

All,

Just wanted to confirm you received the letter and that you were aware the mediation in this matter will not go forward on 9/30 in Whitley City.  We will secure a new date with Brian House, but his next available dates are in March 2023.  Please let us know what dates in March 2023 work/do not work for you and your clients so we can get something on the books.

Best,

Kyle
[image001.jpg]
Kyle R. Bunnell
Associate
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  •  Legal Counsel
City Center
100 West Main St
Suite 900
Lexington, KY 40507
T (859) 425-1045  •  F (859) 425-1099
E kyle.bunnell@dinsmore.com  •  dinsmore.com


________________________________

NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission from the law firm of Dinsmore & Shohl may constitute an attorney-client communication that is privileged at law. It is not intended for transmission to, or receipt by, any unauthorized persons. If you have received this electronic mail transmission in error, please delete it from your system without copying it, and notify the sender by reply e-mail, so that our address record can be corrected.


--
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 14:45:30

Recvd Client email dated 10/04/2022 - He is not wanting to wait until spring to mediate his claim and terminated our relationship - "There is no way I'm waiting untill next spring to get this resolved I will be getting another attorney your Fired" - Replied advising I would let AW know his position and note his file - Should he change his mind he is welcome to contact us in the future. #cc #Termination

## 14:43:22

__Re: Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Jesse Watters  [jessewatters46@gmail.com](mailto:jessewatters46@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2022 16:58:50 -0400

There is no way I'm waiting untill next spring to get this resolved I will
be getting another attorney your Fired

On Tue, Oct 4, 2022, 11:36 AM Sarena Tuttle 
wrote:

> Good morning Jesse,
>     Thank you for confirming your treatment providers. We will be
> requesting the records and billing for your file. At this time, no parties
> should be contacting you in relation to this matter. If anyone does contact
> you, please advise them that you are represented and they need to contact
> our office.
>     The cancellation is a standard procedure to allow our office time to
> collect the necessary information to represent you properly. Unfortunately,
> we can not attend a mediation with absolutely no evidence as to the damages
> claimed. At this time, we are looking to reschedule the mediation for
> sometime in March or early April of 2023. We understand the frustration as
> to the time table, unfortunately, litigation is a lengthy process and you
> did not retain our office until July 19, 2022 and our initial
> correspondence was not answered until this past Friday. We will do
> everything in our powers to make sure the mediation is able to take place
> next spring. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us to
> discuss them in further detail.
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
> The Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Lane
> Louisville, KY 40222
> D: (502) 357-9971
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022 at 4:04 PM Jesse Watters 
> wrote:
>
>> How soon can we get another mediation date cause it's going on 2 years
>> now sooner the better I didn't know that you cancelled the one last Friday
>> so everyone is mad at me because of that,but whatever I can do to speed
>> this up let me know or I can Fire you guys and just go on with it just let
>> me know
>>
>> On Mon, Oct 3, 2022, 12:52 PM Sarena Tuttle 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Good afternoon Jesse,
>>>     Is that the only provider you have seen? Was there any follow up
>>> treatment? We need the medical records to confirm the extent of your
>>> injuries and the billing to calculate damages. Were you working at the time
>>> of the accident, and if so, did you lose any time from work due to your
>>> injuries and/or treatment?
>>>
>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>
>>>
>>> On Fri, Sep 30, 2022 at 9:49 AM Jesse Watters 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Hello I'm trying to find out what kind of information that you need I
>>>> can't remember if I told you the hospital that I was taken to after the
>>>> accident,but it was Somerset Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital ,What do you
>>>> need to get my records from them
>>>>
>>>> On Tue, Sep 20, 2022, 11:24 AM Sarena Tuttle 
>>>> wrote:
>>>>
>>>>> Good afternoon Jesse,
>>>>>    We hope things are going well for you. A little more than a month
>>>>> ago, we requested additional information as to your medical providers and
>>>>> treatment related to your motor vehicle claim arising on 02/16/2021. To
>>>>> date we have not received any information from you. There is a mediation
>>>>> currently scheduled for 09/30/2022 and it is imperative that we receive
>>>>> this information as soon as possible. If we do not receive this
>>>>> information, we will be forced to withdraw our representation and your
>>>>> claim could be dismissed.
>>>>>     Please contact us as soon as possible to discuss this matter and
>>>>> provide the requested information. We look forward to hearing from you very
>>>>> soon.
>>>>>
>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>
>>>>>
>>>>> On Thu, Aug 25, 2022 at 9:31 PM Jesse Watters <
>>>>> jessewatters46@gmail.com> wrote:
>>>>>
>>>>>> Will do, thank you.
>>>>>>
>>>>>> On Thu, Aug 18, 2022, 10:59 AM Sarena Tuttle <
>>>>>> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com> wrote:
>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Good morning Jesse,
>>>>>>>      Thank you for choosing The Whaley Law Firm. We have been
>>>>>>> attempting to reach you to discuss the details of your motor vehicle
>>>>>>> collision that happened on February 16, 2021. Since the claim has been
>>>>>>> court ordered to mediation, it is imperative that we hear from you soon.
>>>>>>>        Please contact us as soon as possible to discuss your claim
>>>>>>> and provide us with additional information.
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>> Sarena M. Tuttle
>>>>>>> The Whaley Law Firm
>>>>>>> 712 Lyndon Lane
>>>>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>>>>> D: (502) 357-9971
>>>>>>> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>>>>>>> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>>>>>>> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>>>>>>>
>>>>>>

## 13:53:33

Recvd DC Jones Correspondence - Apparently she was not advised that mediation was cancelled (a bit upset by the tone of letter) - States Client is 'in Default' - Advised she will file Motion to Compel Mediation Again - "Strongly suggest that... Attorney Whaley get their client's property before the court - as two are in default." #DCCorr #DCJones #Mediation
