---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-22"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-22

**Case:** [[cases/brent-neely-jr-mva-9-1-2023/brent-neely-jr-mva-9-1-2023|Brent Neely Jr. MVA 9/1/2023]]

## 14:49:42

__Fwd: 054685955-01__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:BrentNeelyJrMVAZ3893859@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Brent Neely Jr. MVA 9/1/2023 - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Thu, 22 Feb 2024 13:49:19 -0500

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: McDevitt, Kristen 
Date: Thu, Feb 22, 2024 at 1:38?PM
Subject: 054685955-01
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


Good afternoon,



I hope you are doing well! I am your above client’s new PIP adjuster and
attached is the PIP Log and Reassignment letter. The prior adjuster is no
longer here and his notes are unclear. There is $50 remining in PIP
benefits, please advise if you would like us to process the $50 remining to
the one bill not address. I have attached the bill, please let me know if
you have any questions.



Sincerely,



*Kristen McDevitt*

Claim Resolution Spec II, NF
USRM Medical Claims
------------
Direct Dial: 856-355-2895

Fax: 888-268-8840
Toll Free: 800-2CLAIMS





*Learn more about our privacy policy at* *www.libertymutual.com/privacy
*

This email may contain information regarding products and services offered
by Liberty Mutual. Click on this unsubscribe
 link in order to
request removal from any future email messages from Liberty Mutual that are
advertising or promotional in nature.

This email may contain information regarding products and services offered
by Safeco. Click on this unsubscribe
 link in order to
request removal from any future email messages from Safeco that are
advertising or promotional in nature.




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
