---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-08

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022|Erin McCoy MVA 06/30/2022]]

## 13:19:45

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 8 Aug 2023 13:07:18 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:35:06

__OSSP Litigation Inquiry__
From: Karley Jones  [kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:kjones@fortressdatasolutions.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Alex Paras  [aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com](mailto:aparas@fortressdatasolutions.com)
Date: Mon, 7 Aug 2023 23:10:00 +0000

Good afternoon!?

?

I hope you are well. Just following up on the below case(s) we show is currently in litigation to see if it has settled or is in the process of settling at this time. To date, your client still has a pending balance with Ortho Sport and Spine.



When you can, please?update?us on the status of the case(s) below:

  *   Still in Litigation
  *   Deposition Stage
  *   Mediation Stage
  *   Trial Date Pending
  *   Settled

 The Whaley Law Firm



Patient Name?

D.O.I?

Balance?

Update?

Andrea Moore    2/19/2021       $16,006.91



Erin McCoy      6/30/2022       $3,486.54








Please also let me know if you need anything (i.e., records, billing, etc.) or if I can assist your firm with settling any of OSSP’s bills. Thanks!


Kind regards,

[cid:1b6966a3-f1fa-41ce-9556-b94111af3ede]

Karley Jones

Case Manager

d:

678-831-7758

f:

305.397.2794


Confidentiality Notice: The contents of this email and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) specified and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. It is strictly forbidden to share any part of this message with any third party, without a written consent of the sender. If you received this message by mistake, please reply to this message immediately, to alert the sender and follow with its deletion and any attachments. This is to ensure such a mistake does not occur in the future. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is strictly prohibited.
