---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-08-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-08-01

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022/erin-mccoy-mva-06-30-2022|Erin McCoy MVA 06/30/2022]]

## 14:26:16

Sent client 5 Star Review #cc

## 14:25:52

__Request for Whaley Law Firm Review__
From: Faye [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [erin82mccoy@gmail.com](mailto:erin82mccoy@gmail.com)
Cc: [erinmccoyz1898504@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:erinmccoyz1898504@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 14:25:40 -0400

Dear Erin, 

 

I hope this email finds you well. I wanted to reach out and ask for your help in reviewing our personal injury law firm, [Personal Injury Law Firm Name]. We value your feedback and your experience with our firm, and we'd be honored if you could share your thoughts with others who may be in need of legal assistance.

If you could take just a few minutes to leave a review on our Google My Business page or on our Facebook page, it would mean the world to us. Your review will help us continue to provide the best possible service to our clients and to help others make informed decisions when choosing a personal injury lawyer.

If you're not sure how to leave a review, I've included some quick instructions below:

 GOOGLE:

Click on this link:

https://g.page/r/CUXu060FaTnWEB0/review

If you are logged into Gmail or Google then it will take you directly to the review. If not you will be asked to log in and then go to the review.

 

Facebook:

Click on this link:

https://www.facebook.com/TheWhaleyLawFirm/reviews

You will be asked to log in if not already and then you can leave a review!

 

I hope we have earned a 5 Star Review! 

 

Thank you so much for taking the time to consider our Request. We truly appreciate your support and your business.

 

Best regards,

 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

Sent from Mail for Windows

## 13:28:48

check #7139 for $21,575.69 (settlement) - client needs to sign release - she will be in before 4pm today #cc

## 12:36:34

#vinesign-completed
Name: Erin McCoy settlement statement
Signed Document URL: https://app.vinesign.com/Jobs/Pdf?pdfKey=2197e03c-7df1-42cc-b4e1-cdce55c26d51.pdf&filename=Erin+McCoy+settlement+statement.pdf
Signed: 2023-08-01 16:36:23
All signers: Erin McCoy (erin82mccoy@gmail.com (812) 786-7208)
Sender: Aaron Whaley

## 12:15:04

__0687971036__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [claims@claims.allstate.com](mailto:claims@claims.allstate.com), [erinmccoyz1898504@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:erinmccoyz1898504@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Erin McCoy MVA 06/30/2022
Date: Tue, 1 Aug 2023 12:14:47 -0400

See attached direction of payment

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:08:59

Erin called to see when she may pick up her settlement check  - sending AGW email #cc
