---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-20

**Case:** [[cases/dedra-adams-mva-8-2-2022/dedra-adams-mva-8-2-2022|Dedra Adams MVA 8/2/2022]]

## 14:58:49

__New Insurance Note:__  she stated that she will just keep the UIM claim open for client. Gave her updates and information on client's injuries and treatment status.
__Insurance Type:__ Medpay - Indiana PIP
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 14:35:32

"Hi, my name is Lauren. I am calling from the All State Claims Department. I was calling in regards to Dedra Adams, first name spelled D, as in Dog D, as in Dog R. Last name Adams, and then also essence Adams, I got the letter of representation for them, I did verify with USAA that they do not have a limits issue at this time, but they do have state minimum and ours is higher. So I just wanted to check in, see what their injuries were and see if we need to keep the you I am open or if we can go ahead and close it and then if reopen it, if issue arises. So give me a call. My phone number is 330-655-3759, claim number 067-942-6650. Thank you and I hope you have a great day. Bye."(sent to JC and AGW)#cc

## 10:22:09

__New Insurance Note:__ 2023.07.20 Received Allstate - Certified Declarations
__Insurance Type:__ Medpay - Indiana PIP
__Insurance Company:__ Allstate Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 10:13:06

__FW: Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company Claim: 000679426650__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 20 Jul 2023 10:12:34 -0400

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: claims@claims.allstate.com  
Sent: Thursday, July 20, 2023 8:47 AM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company Claim: 000679426650

 

Hello,

Attached is the Certified Declarations for Essence Adams. We are sending the claim for UIM review. 

Thanks!

KATHRYN THIEL
Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
Phone: (248) 994-9898
Fax: (866) 447-4293
claims@claims.allstate.com  



CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR9a94bce4e78a40 ***
