---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-21

**Case:** [[cases/dedra-adams-mva-8-2-2022/dedra-adams-mva-8-2-2022|Dedra Adams MVA 8/2/2022]]

## 14:03:17

Client called and saying that it's easier to contact her through email. Asked her to send us a copy of Essence Health Insurance and the list of medical providers she visited.

## 13:09:46

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 13:08:54

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Call went straight to VM. Text and email sent. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Aries
__Date & Time__: March 21 2024

## 13:08:39

__The Whaley Law Firm__
From: Aries Penaflor [aries@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:aries@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [dedra.adamscwdp@gmail.com](mailto:dedra.adamscwdp@gmail.com) Dedra Adams
Date: Thu, 21 Mar 2024 13:08:20 -0400

Dear Ms. Adams,


Our office has been attempting to contact you regarding your recent
collision but have not been able to reach you. There are still a
number of things we need from you in order to pursue your claim. If
you wish us to pursue your matter further, feel free to reach out and
we will be happy to do so. However, if we do not hear from you within
the next thirty (30) days, we will have to respectfully decline
representation for your claim.

Please remember that there are very strict statutes of limitations
related to all legal claims, including yours. Thus, if you wish to
pursue a claim, I strongly encourage you to reach out immediately,
with the understanding that we cannot continue representation without
obtaining further information and remaining in contact.

Thank you for your inquiry of our office and I look forward to hearing
from you.


-- 
All the best,
Aries Paul Peñaflor
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)365-5788
Fax: (502)364-9363
