---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-12

**Case:** [[cases/laverne-davis-mva-5-6-21/laverne-davis-mva-5-6-21|Laverne Davis MVA 5/6/21]]

## 11:11:40

@aaronw Wrote check to wrong place. did you write check to bristol west?

## 11:12:13

__New Voice Message from BW Claims (407) 562-4364 on 07/05/2022 11:42 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: aaron whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 5 Jul 2022 15:42:45 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* BW Claims (407) 562-4364 
*Received:* Tuesday, July 05, 2022 at 11:42 AM 
*Length:* 01:15 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Mister railey, it's Lorena from Bristol West insurance. I'm calling in 
regards to Laverne Davis. It's a nice six 2012. This is one where we 
tendered our limits and we sent you the $25000 tender check, but then the U 
M carrier did not wake sub, burrough and they sent you the payment and our 
behalf I received a call from nationwide and they told me that you guys 
mailed over mailed in a check to me for 20 will to us for 25000, but I 
haven't gotten it yet. So I was just following up the address where you 
would have mailed a check to is P O Box 258806 and Oklahoma City Oklahoma. 
73125, then you would have had to put the claim number on there. So if you 
can call me to confirm if you mailed it to the correct address or if you 
can tell but it's not negotiated or cashed and I may be resending another 
one and again the address is P O Box 258806 Oklahoma City. Okay. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
