---
case_slug: jerome-hedinger
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:56:58.992000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2025-05-13
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2023-10-24-PrL-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Jerome-Hedinger-Premise-DB-10-24-2023/Correspondence/ncpforefilerjeffersoncircuit24-ci-006943hedingerj.eml
source_hash: sha256:1766b446a8d84ca5ab5b6396aaed68a944f1e52a3c437b4477b42a026243a5cd
---

**Case:** [[cases/jerome-hedinger/jerome-hedinger|Jerome Hedinger]]
**Client:** [[cases/jerome-hedinger/contacts/jerome-hedinger|Jerome Hedinger]]

Subject: NCP (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 24-CI-006943, HEDINGER, JEROME VS. BROWN, DAHLYN ET AL                     Envelope # 10590048
From: [EMAIL-1]
To: [EMAIL-6], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-5]
Date: 2025-05-13T12:55:04-04:00
Notification of Court Processing

Note from Clerk to Filer: THERE IS NO MOTION HOUR ON 5/26/25 DUE TO THE HOLIDAY AND DIVISON 1 IS NOT HAVING MOTION HOUR ON 5/27/25. THIS MOTION IS BEING ROLLED TO 6/2/24. THANK YOU

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: May 13, 2025 at 12:53PM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: HEDINGER, JEROME VS. BROWN, DAHLYN ET AL

Case Number: 24-CI-006943

Envelope Number: 10590048

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-4]
Klapheke, David T - [EMAIL-5]
Hornback, Paige - [EMAIL-6]

Scheduled Event:
MOTION HOUR scheduled for [DOB-7] at 8:45 AM ET in room ROOM 601 with HON. ERIC J. HANER

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO COMPEL
TENDERED DOCUMENT

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=10590048

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=DB334DDC-9A0D-47A8-94A0-E4B7E0E07F90

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
