---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-30"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-30

**Case:** [[cases/juanita-nicole-downs-mva-05-31-2022/juanita-nicole-downs-mva-05-31-2022|Juanita Nicole Downs MVA 05/31/2022]]

## 14:46:18

__Re: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
CC: "A. Campbell Ewen"  [ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com](mailto:ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2022 14:37:01 -0400

The validity of whether service is 'good', or not,  is not for me to
decide. Service is listed as 'Successful'. If you would like to file an
Answer and then dispute the validity of service, that is up to you and/or
your client. However, I will note your concern for Aaron to address
further.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Thu, Jun 30, 2022 at 2:25 PM Brian Stempien 
wrote:

> As far as we could see, the return of service stated only COVID 19.  What
> information do you have that shows this as being good service?
>
>
>
> Thank You,
>
>
>
> Brian D. Stempien
>
> Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
>
> Jefferson Marders Building
>
> 11507 Main Street
>
> Middletown Historic District
>
> Louisville, KY 40243
>
> Office:         (502) 245-7474
>
> Fax:              (502) 245-7025
>
> Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
>
> E-Mail: *bstempien*@thattorneys.com 
>
> Web: http://www.thslaw.co
>
>
>
>  [image: cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]
>
>
>
> Privileged and Confidential
> Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal,
> the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and
> Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity
> named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient,
> or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient,
> you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of
> this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
> communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please
> immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your
> computer.
>
> *No Attorney-Client Relationship*.
> Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney)
> does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of
> this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or
> recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
>
> The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is
> given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the
> warning is not applicable.
>
> As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated
> Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations
> require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when
> providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to
> comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to
> inform you that since this document does not contain all of such
> disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document
> to avoid tax penalties,* nor may any portion of this document be referred
> to in any marketing or promotional materials.*
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle [mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com]
> *Sent:* Thursday, June 30, 2022 2:20 PM
> *To:* Brian Stempien 
> *Cc:* A. Campbell Ewen ; Aaron Whaley <
> agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com>
> *Subject:* Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate
>
>
>
> Good afternoon Mr. Stempien,
>
>     Thank you for your letter dated 06/28/2022 noticing your
> representation of Stephanie Nail at the request of Allstate. We are always
> more than happy to discuss settlement at any point if your office would
> like to make an offer. However, if not, moving forward, per CourtNet your
> client, Stephanie Nail was served via Certified Mail on 06/15/2022. We look
> forward to receiving your Answer on behalf of Mrs. Nail on or about July
> 15, 2022.
>
>      If you would like to discuss settlement or need anything further,
> please feel free to contact us directly to discuss the claim in more
> detail. In the meantime, please find attached the Interrogatories
> propounded upon your client along with the Complaint on 06/15/2022.
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 365-9435
>
> O: (502) 583-4022
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials.
> Click here
> 
> to report this email as spam.
>
>
>

## 14:46:01

__RE: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate__
From: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "A. Campbell Ewen"  [ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com](mailto:ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2022 18:25:49 +0000

As far as we could see, the return of service stated only COVID 19.  What information do you have that shows this as being good service?

Thank You,

Brian D. Stempien
Travis Herbert & Stempien, PLLC
Jefferson Marders Building
11507 Main Street
Middletown Historic District
Louisville, KY 40243
Office:         (502) 245-7474
Fax:              (502) 245-7025
Toll Free: 1 (866) 431-3599
E-Mail: bstempien@thattorneys.com
Web: http://www.thslaw.co

 [cid:image003.jpg@01D3A0ED.F6080390]

Privileged and Confidential
Unless otherwise indicated or obvious from the nature of the transmittal, the information contained in this e-mail message is Attorney Privileged and Confidential Information intended for the use of the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee/agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error or are not sure whether it is privileged, please immediately notify us by telephone and delete this message from your computer.
No Attorney-Client Relationship.
Sending E-mail (and receipt of E-mail by this law firm or any attorney) does not establish an attorney-client relationship with the recipient of this e-mail, this law firm or any member with this firm. The sender or recipient hereby acknowledges the disclaimer contained at www.thslaw.co.
The following warning is required by the IRS whenever tax advice is given.  If this email contains no direct or indirect tax advice, the warning is not applicable.
As a result of perceived abuses, the Treasury has recently promulgated Regulations for practice before the IRS.  These Circular 230 regulations require all attorneys and accountants to provide extensive disclosure when providing certain written tax communications to clients.  In order to comply with our obligations under these Regulations, we would like to inform you that since this document does not contain all of such disclosure, you may not rely on any tax advice contained in this document to avoid tax penalties, nor may any portion of this document be referred to in any marketing or promotional materials.

From: Sarena Tuttle [mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 30, 2022 2:20 PM
To: Brian Stempien 
Cc: A. Campbell Ewen ; Aaron Whaley 
Subject: Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate

Good afternoon Mr. Stempien,
    Thank you for your letter dated 06/28/2022 noticing your representation of Stephanie Nail at the request of Allstate. We are always more than happy to discuss settlement at any point if your office would like to make an offer. However, if not, moving forward, per CourtNet your client, Stephanie Nail was served via Certified Mail on 06/15/2022. We look forward to receiving your Answer on behalf of Mrs. Nail on or about July 15, 2022.
     If you would like to discuss settlement or need anything further, please feel free to contact us directly to discuss the claim in more detail. In the meantime, please find attached the Interrogatories propounded upon your client along with the Complaint on 06/15/2022.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)




________________________________

This email has been scanned for spam and viruses by Proofpoint Essentials. Click here to report this email as spam.

## 14:21:09

__Adkins & Downs v Stephanie Nail & Allstate__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Brian Stempien  [BStempien@thattorneys.com](mailto:BStempien@thattorneys.com)
CC: "A. Campbell Ewen"  [ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com](mailto:ACEwen@ewenandkinney.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2022 14:19:58 -0400

Good afternoon Mr. Stempien,
    Thank you for your letter dated 06/28/2022 noticing your representation
of Stephanie Nail at the request of Allstate. We are always more than happy
to discuss settlement at any point if your office would like to make an
offer. However, if not, moving forward, per CourtNet your client, Stephanie
Nail was served via Certified Mail on 06/15/2022. We look forward to
receiving your Answer on behalf of Mrs. Nail on or about July 15, 2022.
     If you would like to discuss settlement or need anything further,
please feel free to contact us directly to discuss the claim in more
detail. In the meantime, please find attached the Interrogatories
propounded upon your client along with the Complaint on 06/15/2022.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 13:57:11

Recvd DC Stempien Notice of Representation of Def Nail (at the request of Allstate) #dc
