---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-12

**Case:** [[cases/anthony-williams-mva-06-03-2022/anthony-williams-mva-06-03-2022|Anthony Williams MVA 06/03/2022]]

## 12:49:00

__Fwd: FW: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Cc: [AnthonyWilliamsMVAZ1759437@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:AnthonyWilliamsMVAZ1759437@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 12 Jul 2022 12:48:45 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: April Mullins 
Date: Mon, Jul 11, 2022 at 1:26 PM
Subject: FW: Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22
To: Aaron Whaley , Faye Gaither <
fgaither.wlf@gmail.com>


Good Afternoon,



I just wanted to follow up on the below request.



Thank you,





*April Mullins*

A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison



*PHONE:*

*EMAIL:*

*WEB:*

*ADDRESS:*









Office: 502-909-0772

amullins@aptivahealth.com

aptivahealth.com

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218









***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**



*From:* April Mullins
*Sent:* Tuesday, July 5, 2022 7:54 AM
*To:* Aaron Whaley 
*Subject:* Anthony Williams MVA 6/3/22



Good Morning,



I just wanted to follow up and see if you have his PIP Information.



Thank you,





*April Mullins*

A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison



*PHONE:*

*EMAIL:*

*WEB:*

*ADDRESS:*









Office: 502-909-0772

Cell: 502-802-1085

amullins@aptivahealth.com

aptivahealth.com

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218









***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**




-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 09:24:08

__New Voice Message from (844) 292-8615 on 07/11/2022 3:55 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 11 Jul 2022 19:55:43 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* (844) 292-8615 
*Received:* Monday, July 11, 2022 at 3:55 PM 
*Length:* 01:11 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Hi, Serena. This is Erika can giving you a call from state farm 
insurance. I only handle the bodily injury side of it. I did speak to the 
attorney and told him that I needed proof of residency for Anthony. We have 
an address here that I do not handle that date. So he was supposed to get 
that information to me in regards to pick it looks like pick was denied 
because they were not in the named insured vehicle and so that couple of 
days, sorry that coverage we need to come from the rental vehicle, but just 
specifically speak to pat and their coverage you would need to contact that 
apartment. It looks like the adjuster is Yolanda Y O N D E last Nina Kyle, 
K Y L E S and it the phone number for that person is 972-907-7635. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
