---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-20

**Case:** [[cases/michelle-weatherspoon-sandf-02-23-2021/michelle-weatherspoon-sandf-02-23-2021|Michelle Weatherspoon S&F 02/23/2021]]

## 15:28:04

__Re: Weatherspoon v. Dauenhauer__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: lray@landrumshouse.com 
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 20 Apr 2022 15:26:47 -0400

Good afternoon Lori,
    We had to actually call and get a copy mailed to us, not sure what
happened on the service. We did make sure to send a copy to Mrs.
Weatherspoon upon receipt. Please find the order attached below. If you
need anything else, please feel free to contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Apr 20, 2022 at 3:08 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Lori Ray 
> Date: Wed, Apr 20, 2022 at 2:32 PM
> Subject: Weatherspoon v. Dauenhauer
> To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com <
> agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com>
>
>
> Good afternoon Aaron,
>
>
>
> After doing a courtnet search in this matter, it appears that you were
> allowed to withdraw as counsel for Mr. Weatherspoon on March 28th.
> Could you by any chance send me a copy of the entered order?   I don’t
> believe we received one from the Fayette Circuit court Clerk’s office and I
> thought it might be faster to get it from you.
>
>
>
> Thank you,
>
> Lori Ray
>
> *LORI RAY*
>
> *PARALEGAL*
>
> o. 859.255.2424  d. 859.514.7261
>
> f. 859.233.0308
>
> a. 106 West Vine Street, Suite 800, Lexington, KY 40507
>
> [image: facebook] 
>
> [image: twitter] 
>
> [image: linkedin]
> 
>
> [image: website] 
>
> This e-mail message and any attachments are only for the use and view by
> the intended and proper addressee. Information contained within this
> communication is confidential and protected by the attorney-client
> privilege or other applicable privileges. Inadvertent or erroneous
> transmission of this message does not constitute as a waiver of any
> privilege. If you have received this material in error, please do not read
> the message and notify the sender at 859-255-2424.
>
>
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
