---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-03-09"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-03-09

**Case:** [[cases/jalen-chiles-mva-3-19-21/jalen-chiles-mva-3-19-21|Jalen Chiles MVA 3/19/21]]

## 14:54:46

__FW: Claim#:045093462-05 - Jalen Chiles__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JalenChilesMVAZ954659@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JalenChilesMVAZ954659@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 9 Mar 2022 13:54:40 -0500

 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Jokantas, Jennifer  
Sent: Wednesday, March 9, 2022 1:53 PM
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com
Subject: Claim#:045093462-05 - Jalen Chiles

 


 
 

 
 

		

 

	

Hi Justin,

 

This email will confirm our conversation of today, March 9, 2022, in which
we extended and offer of $2,016.32 exclusive of pip for client, Jalen
Chiles.

 

Please contact me if you have any questions. 

 

Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.

 

Sincerely,

Jennifer Jokantas

 

 

  _____  



 
 

Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account. 




 
 


 
 


 
 



View claim
status 


Check payment
information 


View your Claims
Representative's
information 


 
 Login  ?

	

 

	
		


[metadata: {Claim-Number : 045093462},{Exposure-Number : 05},{Category :
Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id :
BIFREEFORM_SF}]

		


Policy Underwritten by Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois

(c)2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance
Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco Insurance
Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50 states and
the District of Columbia.

	

 

 

Jennifer Jokantas, AIC, SCLA
Claims Resolution Specialist II

Casualty Claims

Liberty Mutual Insurance 

P.O. Box 5014

Scranton, PA  18505-5014

Direct Phone: 317-805-2624 

Fax: 866-567-1252

Business Hours: Monday through Friday (7:00 AM to 4:00 PM EST)

 

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to
protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly
encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile
 .

 

For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all
correspondence by email. For large files (>10GB), ask me about OneDrive!

 

To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to
www.libertymutual.com/privacy

## 14:50:58

received offer 2016.32. sent negotiation letter to client via vinesign
