---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-08-06"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-08-06

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024|Erin McCloskey MVA 02/27/2024]]

## 16:41:55

__Fwd: FW: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Greg Whaley, [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Date: Tue, 6 Aug 2024 16:41:35 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Johnna Anderson 
Date: Tue, Aug 6, 2024 at 4:00?PM
Subject: FW: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793
To: Jessa Galosmo 


Jessa, Please be advised that it has come to my attention that we received
the attached duplicated open records request and duplicate payment

from you in regards to Jeff PD Report #2024-6793.



We received the open records request for the 1st time on 3/26/2024 and then
received a $150.00 payment for the BWC video footage on 4/2/24.

(see attached) Then we received the same request with your date of 5/24/24
(attached shows 5/28/24) and then received another $150.00 payment

on 8/1/24. (attached)



I just wanted to let you know that I will be getting a refund for the
duplicate $150.00 processed through our Finance Department soon. Just

FYI, it might take 2-4 weeks for the refund to be processed and the check
forwarded back to your office due to the steps we have to go

through as municipal government to have the claim approved, processed and
the check cut by our Finance Department.



*In order for our Finance to process the refund to you, you will need to
fill out the Attached W-9 form and return to me asap.*

*(W-9 form is required by our finance department for anyone that we are
paying)*



Please confirm that I should have the $150.00 duplicate payment refund
forwarded to the following after it has

been approved, processed and cut:



*The Whaley Law Firm*

*Attn: Jessa Galosmo*

*712 Lyndon Lane*

*Louisville, KY 40222*



Thanks so much. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.



Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal

Department of Law

City of Jeffersonville

500 Quartermaster Court

Jeffersonville, IN 47130



*From:* Johnna Anderson
*Sent:* Wednesday, June 5, 2024 9:26 AM
*To:* 'Jessa Galosmo' 
*Subject:* FW: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793



As a follow up to my email to below, per our PD they do have BWC video
footage and photos available.



You will need to send $175.00 payment for bwc video footage and photos, in
the form of check or money order

only, to my attention at the address below in order to start the process.



Thanks so much. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.



Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal

Department of Law

City of Jeffersonville

500 Quartermaster Court

Jeffersonville, IN 47130



*From:* Johnna Anderson
*Sent:* Wednesday, May 29, 2024 9:29 AM
*To:* 'Jessa Galosmo' 
*Subject:* RE: Open records Request- Erin McCloskey (Jeff PD #2024-6793



Jessa, As a follow up of your attached open records request dated 5/24/24,
please find attached response letter.



I have forwarded a copy of your records request to our PD and have asked
them to get back in touch with me in the next

few days to let me know what documents will be available for your
request. *Please
do not send any payment until you*

*hear back from me advising you of what documents will be available from
the PD for this request.*



Thanks so much. Hope you are having a good day.



Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal

Department of Law

City of Jeffersonville

500 Quartermaster Court

Jeffersonville, IN 47130



*From:* Jessa Galosmo 
*Sent:* Friday, May 24, 2024 10:33 AM
*To:* Johnna Anderson 
*Subject:* Open records Request- Erin McCloskey



CAUTION: This email originated from outside your organization. Exercise
caution when opening attachments or clicking links, especially from unknown
senders.

Hi,



Please see attached open records request form. Thanks.



-- 

All the best,

Jessa Galosmo

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)357-9975

Fax: (502)364-9363


------------------------------

This email was scanned by Bitdefender


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
