---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-28"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-28

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024/erin-mccloskey-mva-02-27-2024|Erin McCloskey MVA 02/27/2024]]

## 13:42:47

mailed check #2003 for $150 to City of Jeffersonville (Law Dept), 500 Quartermaster Ct, Jeffersonville IN 47130 -Open record request #cc

## 12:00:24

__Fwd: Open Records Request-Erin Comb-Mccloskey__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither
Cc: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Greg Whaley
Date: Thu, 28 Mar 2024 12:00:05 -0400

Hi Ms. Faye,

Please issue a check to the address on this email for the open records
request.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Johnna Anderson 
Date: Thu, Mar 28, 2024 at 11:43?AM
Subject: RE: Open Records Request-Erin Comb-Mccloskey
To: Jessa Galosmo 


Ms. Galosmo, As a follow up to your open records request dated 3/26/24 and
my email response below, I wanted to confirm with you that

per our PD, they do have bwc video footage available for your request.



Please refer back to my information below to you in the 3rd paragraph on
how you now need to proceed if you want to obtain the

available bwc video footage for this request.



Thanks, much. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day and have a Wonderful
Easter Weekend.



Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal

Department of Law

City of Jeffersonville

500 Quartermaster Court

Jeffersonville, IN 47130



*From:* Johnna Anderson
*Sent:* Tuesday, March 26, 2024 12:29 PM
*To:* 'Jessa Galosmo' 
*Subject:* RE: Open Records Request-Erin Comb-Mccloskey



Ms. Galosmo,  As a follow up to your open records request received in our
office by email yesterday, please find attached response

letter.



I have forwarded your request to our PD and will get back in touch with you
asap to confirm that there will be bwc video footage

available for this request. *Please do not send payment until after you
hear back from me confirming that bwc video footage is available.*



Per my attached letter, after it has been confirmed that bwc footage is
available for this request, you will need to forward the *$150.00 fee*

*to my attention* at the address below, *in the form of check or money
order only*, prior to the IT Department for the PD starting the process

of getting this bwc video footage available for you in the timeline listed
in my attached letter.



Thanks. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.



Johnna S. Anderson | Paralegal

Department of Law

City of Jeffersonville

500 Quartermaster Court

Jeffersonville, IN 47130



*From:* Jessa Galosmo 
*Sent:* Tuesday, March 26, 2024 11:10 AM
*To:* Johnna Anderson 
*Subject:* Open Records Request-Erin Comb-Mccloskey



CAUTION: This email originated from outside your organization. Exercise
caution when opening attachments or clicking links, especially from unknown
senders.

Hi,



Please see attached files.



-- 

All the best,

Jessa Galosmo

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)357-9975

Fax: (502)364-9363


------------------------------

This email was scanned by Bitdefender


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
