---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-16"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-16

**Case:** [[cases/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Carmella Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 09:53:40

__Documents sent for signature could not be delivered__
From: DocuSign via DocuSign  [dse_NA4@docusign.net](mailto:dse_NA4@docusign.net)
To: Aaron Whaley  [STuttle.wlf@gmail.com](mailto:STuttle.wlf@gmail.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 07 Mar 2023 06:52:30 -0800

Hello Aaron Whaley,     

Documents you sent for electronic signature could not be delivered to this email address: Carmella.Diamond03@ICloud.com. Envelope ID: 6add69ee-a3e5-4c6c-9513-a9909d33c727

The destination email system provided this error message:

smtp; 550 5.1.1 <carmella.diamond03@icloud.com>: user does not
    exist

For more information about the failure, please see the attached email message or reference DocuSign's knowledge base to interpret this error code.

If the email address is incorrect, follow these steps to correct it and resend the notification.

NOTE: If you cannot correct the envelope, you can void it and create a new one.  If you are not the sender of the envelope, contact the sender and ask them to correct it. 

1. Log in to your DocuSign account.
2. Locate the sent envelope.
3. Click the drop-down menu for the envelope and select Correct.
4. Correct the email address.
5. Finish correcting the envelope as usual to resend it.

If you need further assistance, please visit Support Center.

This message was sent to you by Aaron Whaley who is using the DocuSign Electronic Signature Service. If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender with your request.

Do Not Share This Email
This email contains a secure link to DocuSign. Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.

Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.

Stop receiving this email
Report this email https://protect.docusign.net/report-abuse?e=AUtomjpFak9GlbPL0zFFi10e6cmuJMAe8OLpIZDfCaZU02BeiZijLKl5liLxZiBoE1mCAA528LW26eKD9cGHjbqwwkdpS0izbJ3yR7bEnrGCUP332a5b1S9yu1msm2pitcaQhgQ8rdel4pf0QXnsLmtypaT3WdZArRbSJGacaSRrMUfJHxY9aWQVpegkjer3-T1bkVT6M1462Qb_rbRMuTfsGOIV0Z_HisoL5iwk_FO266O4M2wr9wqRUQFbh6lcLGSrEFqleelZ_R6LitMIjh69VNd6TFm71udfCFdw5XPolzIK0fVG5th2y55DJ2wqExQBwOh2JtV0J2Z3AhnK59p8f6eshQInV9qHvTRp8o8DK_WmsitulZdNAanTmA7-qWhy1qFri4gSWpJto4JpOK7WRGa9C-6mw5X2vXOcXFxaI0eg5-p-54Odmfn87kbfeocC7WJGYZj2UKqOLpFF-_M&lang=en
Declining to sign 
Managing notifications 

If you are having trouble signing the document, please visit the Help with Signing page on our Support Center.
https://support.docusign.com/s/articles/How-do-I-sign-a-DocuSign-document-Basic-Signing?language=en_US&utm_campaign=GBL_XX_DBU_UPS_2211_SignNotificationEmailFooter&utm_medium=product&utm_source=postsend
