---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-13

**Case:** [[cases/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022/carmella-yarbrough-mva-03-14-2022|Carmella Yarbrough MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 11:46:08

__Re: Missing records__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [stimulus110@yahoo.com](mailto:stimulus110@yahoo.com) Muhammad Alif, [starlitechiro@gmail.com](mailto:starlitechiro@gmail.com) Starlight Chiropractic, [Tristateinjuryandrehab@gmail.com](mailto:Tristateinjuryandrehab@gmail.com) Tri-State Injury & Rehab, [CarmellaYarbroughZ1457172@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CarmellaYarbroughZ1457172@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Carmella Yarbrough, [marvynnalexandrez3712478@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:marvynnalexandrez3712478@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Marvynn Alexandre, [serenataylorz2014112@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:serenataylorz2014112@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Serena Taylor, [jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarabourgh, [LaeshaGatesZ3198059@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LaeshaGatesZ3198059@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Laesha Gates, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [Justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Fri, 13 Oct 2023 11:44:35 -0400

What is going on? I need all of these records today. Please advise.

On Tue, Oct 10, 2023 at 1:02?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> My office has requested records and bills on the following clients on the
> following dates:
> Marvynn Alexander: 06/16/23, 07/17/23, 08/03/23, 10/05/23
> Serena Taylor: 11/21/22, 11/23/22, 07/18/23, 08/08/23, 08/23/23, 08/28/23
> Jean Yarbrough: 07/19/22, 08/02/22, 08/22/22, 09/11/23
>
> Additionally, we have requested records and bills for Laesha Gates on
> 03/16/23, 03/23/23, 06/23/23, 07/12/23, 07/21/23, 08/04/23, 08/07/23,
> 08/14/23 and again on 10/09/23. On 07/27/23 we did receive a fax that
> purported to be Laesha Gates records and bills. However, the bills only had
> treatment dates of 1/09/23, 01/18/23, 01/19/23, 01/23/23, 02/15/23, and
> 3/01/23 while the records had 12/29/22(visit 1), 01/05/23(visit 2),
> 01/18/23(visit 5), 01/19/23(visit 6), 01/23/23(visit 7), 02/15/23 (visit
> 8), and 03/01/23(visit 9)
> At a minimum we need bills for all visits prior to 01/09/23 and records
> for visits 3 and 4, one of which I assume is a treatment date of 01/09/23.
>
> If need be I can come and get the records, search for the records, copy
> the records etc. but I need these records. *ASAP!!!!*
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:16:18

__RE: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021__
From: Patricia J. Trombetta [PTrombetta@bspplaw.com](mailto:PTrombetta@bspplaw.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [CarmellaYarbroughZ1457172@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:CarmellaYarbroughZ1457172@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Carmella Yarbrough, [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle, [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com) Bryce Koon, [jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jeanyarbroughmvaz1559471@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jean Yarabourgh, [sincerejarmanz1457168@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:sincerejarmanz1457168@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Sincere Jarman
Date: Fri, 13 Oct 2023 15:16:09 +0000

Hello Aaron,
                I can offer Carmella $6,000 to settle her case with her assuming any and all medical liens other than PIP.



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq

[cid:image001.png@01D9FDC6.A9ED6680]
Super Lawyers? Selection 2018-2023

CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bspplaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.  This transmission is intended only for the proper recipient(s). It is confidential and may contain attorney-client privileged information. If you are not the proper recipient, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Any unauthorized review, copying, or use of this message is prohibited. Unless expressly stated to the contrary herein, nothing in this message was intended or written to be used, nor may be relied upon or used: (a) to avoid any penalties that could be imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or (b) to recommend or support the promotion or marketing of any federal tax transaction or issue discussed herein.

From: Aaron Whaley 
Sent: Wednesday, October 11, 2023 11:34 AM
To: Patricia J. Trombetta 
Cc: Carmella Yarbrough ; Sarena Tuttle ; Bryce Koon ; Jean Yarabourgh ; Sincere Jarman 
Subject: Re: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021

Pat, I will just send a request to Jewish, UL and Norton Downtown for the last 10 years for each of them. See what comes up.  It is true that Jean did not say SIncere was in the car.  However, you never asked who was in the car so Jean never said he wasn't in the car either. We can schedule his deposition if you like.

On Wed, Oct 11, 2023 at 10:20?AM Patricia J. Trombetta > wrote:
Thank you for the below Aaron.
 If Sincere was in the car the police would have listed him no matter his age.  Yes Carmella mentioned him but his mother did not.  She testified that she was going to get the other kids and had left the hospital where she had been with Carmella.  There is no treatment for 11 days post accident when he goes with his sister.  I have grave doubts that he was in the car or that he suffered any injury.  Yes I would like to depose him.
Was Carmella seen at any ER for the other accidents? If so I need those records also.
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.  Pat



Patricia J. Trombetta, Esq

[cid:image001.png@01D9FC2C.8B915B60]
Super Lawyers? Selection 2018-2023

CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION
This electronic transmission and any files transmitted with it are confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to who it is addressed.  If you are not the intended recipient or the person responsible for delivering this document to the intended recipient, please be advised that you have received this transmission in error and that any use, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this document and any files transmitted with this is strictly prohibited.  If you have received this transmission in error, please immediately notify us by telephone at 216.875.2767 or by email to info@bspplaw.com. Please shred this document and its attachments and do not retain any copies.  You will be reimbursed for reasonable costs incurred in notifying us.  This transmission is intended only for the proper recipient(s). It is confidential and may contain attorney-client privileged information. If you are not the proper recipient, please notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Any unauthorized review, copying, or use of this message is prohibited. Unless expressly stated to the contrary herein, nothing in this message was intended or written to be used, nor may be relied upon or used: (a) to avoid any penalties that could be imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or (b) to recommend or support the promotion or marketing of any federal tax transaction or issue discussed herein.

From: Aaron Whaley >
Sent: Tuesday, October 10, 2023 12:24 PM
To: Patricia J. Trombetta >; Carmella Yarbrough >
Subject: Re: Jean Yarbrough, et al. v. Kyle Christian, Jefferson Circuit Court Case No. 22-CI-005461; Claim No. 015133763; Our File No. 309021

Patricia,
            I have attached Carmella Yarbrough's primary care records. I do not have any prior chiropractic records. Carmella does not recall what chiropractor she has previously gone to. In her deposition she testified that she could not recall but "It's been a long time." She could not recall any specific injuries. On page 27 she stated, in response to a question about her injuries in her prior accidents, "I forget... I was young and I was more focused on them water beds that was helping me feel better. But it's been a long time.  Later she stated,  "Honestly, most of this process was boring to me as a kid, so I really wasn't too intent on it." I have sent a request to Kentucky Pain Associates and will provide those records. If those records turn information on any prior chiropractors I will request those.
           I am still pending some additional records on Jean for her demand.
           I included Sincere's demand because he was in the accident. I did not include him as a Plaintiff since he is a minor and his SOL does not run for some time. I do not know why he was not included on the police report. Speculating the reason is because he was only 14. Carmella mentioned Sincere was in the accident in her deposition. Page 29. Do you really need to take his deposition to evaluate his claim?

On Mon, Oct 9, 2023 at 6:49?PM Patricia J. Trombetta > wrote:
Good Evening Aaron,
                I am in receipt of your settlement demand and packet on Carmella Yarbrough.  I have requested multiple times for the prior medical records on Carmella.  She has settled multiple auto accident cases and as a result it is clear that she has preexisting problems if any at all.  Please provide those prior records for the other accidents so that I can evaluate your client?s claim.
                Also are you sending a demand packet for Jean?
                Why are you sending a demand packet for Sincere?  He is not listed on the police report nor is he a plaintiff in this lawsuit?  If there is a claim for him then I need to take his deposition also.  Please advise as to yo
