---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-11

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 13:00:34

Per AW Instructions 11/02 - Decline & WD - Client has blown phone up since with texts & calls from different numbers while awaiting drafting of Motion - Advised Client that we are terminating representation and will be filing Motion to Withdraw - Client obviously is upset and disconnected call #cc #WD

## 12:55:00

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-3623 on 11/11/2022 11:29 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Fri, 11 Nov 2022 16:30:01 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 723-3623 
*Received:* Friday, November 11, 2022 at 11:29 AM 
*Length:* 01:06 
*To:* (502) 357-9939 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
" Serene title Jamie, Reagan. I think maybe a call 34 times this week last 
week. I'm not getting any messages at all I've been trying to text Aaron. I 
hope that he's been getting the messages. I tried to find him on Facebook 
at at y'alls place. I hope you all have been getting the messages it was 
Joe would be for April. The first 2020 with the poles in the driveway and a 
girl that he had already brought into my house when we were under 
quarantine, please. Let me know and if it's just you three and we're going 
to produce the billionaire. Don't you think we need and help actually call 
somebody else. Okay, you're taking entirely too long and we need out Morgan 
and Morgan they turned me down. I turned them down in la ashman. ..." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
