---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-08

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 10:42:51

__Fwd: New Text Message from (270) 723-3623 on 11/06/2022 1:43 PM__
From: Faye Gaither  [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 7 Nov 2022 09:06:01 -0500

I see she has been blowing you up with messages/calls


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Sun, Nov 6, 2022 at 1:43 PM
Subject: New Text Message from (270) 723-3623 on 11/06/2022 1:43 PM
To: Faye Gaither 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Text Message
------------------------------

Dear Faye Gaither,

You have a new text message:
*From:* (270) 723-3623
*To:* Faye Gaither
*Received:* Sunday, November 06, 2022 at 1:43 PM
*Message:* Aaron just now seen that you had been trying to call I am
getting NO calls NO. Messages Did you get the messages I'm BEING SO
HARRASED IM FREAKIN. SCARED SWEAR I THINK THERE GONNA KILL ME. HEARD. JOEY
WAS THERE WHEN JIMMY ATTACKED ME ...GOD WAS AND. IS WITH ME. THEY BOTH GOT
LAND. YOU AINT GONNA FIND ME. I HAVE. NO. WHERE TO GO. I AM TRYING. DONE
BEEN IN MY HOME THIS MORNING GIVE NELSON CO SHERIFF EVERYTHING I HAVE A LOT
HOPING THEY CAN SAVE SOMEBODY. PLEASE LET ME KNOW. U GET THIS PEACE LOVE
KINDNESS PRAYER'S GOD BE WITH ME
To reply using the RingCentral app, click here
.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.
