---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-13

**Case:** [[cases/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020/jamie-rigdon-db-02-01-2020|Jamie Rigdon DB 02/01/2020]]

## 15:37:35

__New Voice Message from RIGDON,JAIMIE (270) 996-5645 on 06/13/2022 3:28 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 13 Jun 2022 19:29:11 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* RIGDON,JAIMIE (270) 996-5645 
*Received:* Monday, June 13, 2022 at 3:28 PM 
*Length:* 00:24 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hey, I'm not sure if this is Margo or not. Okay. She is my girlfriend, 
please give me a call back when you get a chance. This is Jamie Dennis your 
270996564 and I'm not sure. Thank you very much. Peace love you can give me 
a holler this is Joanna." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
