---
case_slug: estate-of-betty-prince
created_at: 2026-02-16 23:40:55.392000+00:00
document_category: court-filings
document_date: 2024-09-10
document_type: court_filing
extraction_method: native_text
legacy_case_id: 2020-07-14-PrL-001
mime_type: message/rfc822
page_count: 1
quality_score: 100
source_file: /Users/aaronwhaley/Whaley Law Firm Dropbox/Litigation/Active/Estate-of-Betty-Prince-Premise-7-14-2020/Pleadings/ncpforefilerjeffersoncircuit21-ci-003798princerob.eml
source_hash: sha256:3a83a14b2b4a6ae4fe0a9b5d005a40455af9a0d54b8c56bc567699a552faa070
---

**Case:** [[cases/estate-of-betty-prince/estate-of-betty-prince|Estate of Betty Prince]]
**Client:** [[cases/estate-of-betty-prince/contacts/estate-of-betty-prince|Estate of Betty Prince]]

Subject: NCP (for eFiler) JEFFERSON Circuit 21-CI-003798, PRINCE, ROBERT VS. NORTON HOSPITALS, INC.                    Envelope # 8781500
From: [EMAIL-1]
To: [EMAIL-8], Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com, [EMAIL-7]
Date: 2024-09-10T10:56:57-04:00
Notification of Court Processing

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: September 10, 2024 at 10:55AM Eastern

eFiler: WHALEY, AARON GREGORY (ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: PRINCE, ROBERT VS. NORTON HOSPITALS, INC.

Case Number: 21-CI-003798

Envelope Number: 8781500

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - [EMAIL-6]
Piekarski, Matthew - [EMAIL-5]
Effinger, Joseph - [EMAIL-6]
Nafziger, Ryan - [EMAIL-7]
Gerstner, Blake A. - [EMAIL-8]

Scheduled Event:
MOTION HOUR scheduled for [DOB-9] at 8:45 AM ET in room ROOM 601 with HON. ERIC J. HANER

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
MOTION TO COMPEL
 EXHIBIT
TENDERED DOCUMENT

Additional details: https://kcoj.kycourts.net/efiling/Dashboard/Receipt?caseid=8781500

You may view the document(s) at https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=42D7CEA0-4E02-480F-8E9F-F0C627B81E0D

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling system. Do not reply to this email.  
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice
This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward this message and attachment without the express written consent of the sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable legal privilege.
