---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-04-04"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-04-04

**Case:** [[cases/jude-moise-mva-03-29-2024/jude-moise-mva-03-29-2024|Jude Moise MVA 03/29/2024]]

## 16:49:24

__Fwd: City of Jeffersontown, Clm# 728806/ Jude Moise__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley
Date: Thu, 4 Apr 2024 16:49:04 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Jim Johnson (MEMPHIS) 
Date: Thu, Apr 4, 2024 at 4:16?PM
Subject: City of Jeffersontown, Clm# 728806/ Jude Moise
To: jessa@whaleylawfirm.com 


*Ms. Galosmo:*



*I am the adjuster assigned to handle this file on behalf of the Kentucky
League of Cities (KLC), which insures the City of Jeffersontown. Let this
email serve as our formal response to your letter of representation for
Jude Moise.*



*I have reviewed your request for certain documents, and do not feel that
it is appropriate at this time to provide these items, other than our claim
number, listed above. Some of the documents requested have no bearing on
this matter, and others would only be necessary if our insured driver was
responsible for this accident, which he most certainly is not. The police
report clearly shows that your client was not paying proper attention, and
was driving erratically. These facts, along with the fact that your client
struck two vehicles in the rear, leave no doubt that Mr. Moise was in the
wrong.*



*As your client is responsible for this accident we will be invoking our
right of subrogation for the damages to our vehicle, which are still being
determined. I see from the police report that your client is insured
through Root Insurance under policy number XTQZ7J. *



*If Mr. Moise has filed a liability claim with his insurer, please provide
the claim number, as well as the adjuster’s name & contact information. If
he has not filed a claim we will send our subrogation claim directly to
you, as his legal representative.*





Regards,



Jim Johnson, Claims Supervisor

Collins & Company, Inc.

Memphis Office

(901) 871-3296

jlj@collinsandco.com








-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 15:34:38

__New Insurance Note:__ 04/04 adj called in to inform they have Jude as the liable for this collision and LOR response will be sent to my email
__Insurance Type:__ Bodily Injury (BI)
__Insurance Company:__ KLC Insurance Services
__Written by:__ Jessa 
 #Inotes

## 10:47:33

__Fwd: Root Claim #94MGWZKY - Cov PENDING LOA PIP/MPC__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JudeMoiseZ4517390@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JudeMoiseZ4517390@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jude Moise - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Thu, 4 Apr 2024 10:47:14 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Shelby Buyi 
Date: Thu, Apr 4, 2024 at 9:47?AM
Subject: Root Claim #94MGWZKY - Cov PENDING LOA PIP/MPC
To: 


 Hello,

 Please see the attached document related to your Root claim. If you have
any questions or need to follow up, feel free to reply to this email or
contact me using the information below.

 Best,
 Shelby Buyi

 Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m.-4:00 p.m. Eastern Time
 phone: (380) 235-5868
 email: shelby.buyi@joinroot.com


-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
