---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-01-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-01-03

**Case:** [[cases/paige-buemi-mva-3-20-21/paige-buemi-mva-3-20-21|Paige Buemi MVA 3/20/21]]

## 16:40:31

Paige Buemi
3:35 PM (4 minutes ago) to me
Please let me know if there is anything at all I can do to help move the case along.  Thanks Faye.  #cc

## 16:02:32

email from client on her "condition" 

Hello, my name is Paige Buemi, I am writing this letter to  give you a glimpse into how the motor vehicle accident that occurred on 3/19/2021 has affected my life. I am a 32 year old, single mother. I have a four-year-old son, who requires a lot of care and attention, as most four-year-olds do. Caring for myself and caring for my four-year-old Are the things most greatly affected by my injury that occurred in this accident. It has affected me, physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially. I have worked in medical office settings for most of my adult life, this injury makes it almost impossible for me to do so. When the injury occurred, I had recently started a new job at a senior nursing facility. I had only been on the schedule for a couple of weeks when the accident happened. Because I was such a new employee and almost immediately needed time off due to this injury, I was quickly let go from that position. I was left in a scramble to try to find any job that I could do to support myself and my son. I landed on a job, working from home scheduling for hearing aid company. I quickly learned that sitting for long periods of time (8 hour shifts) was also very difficult to do with the pain I am having. Working has been next to impossible for me because of this injury. I have lost two jobs now due to this injury and I’ve also lost future earning potential due to this injury, and will always be limited on the type of job/career I could possibly have had. I have had the treatments that I can for now, and nothing helps enough to get me back into the type of work I enjoy. I struggle with aspects of my life other than working due to this injury as well. Simple daily tasks aren’t as simple for me anymore. Things like showering and washing my hair and playing with my son, doing dishes, doing laundry, cutting the grass, walking through the grocery store, all of these things and more are difficult for me now. I have been affected in literally every aspect of my daily life. My life now includes constant pain. I was informed I’d eventually need a spinal fusion surgery, by two different surgeons, but because I have no support system, and no one to care for my son while I recover from a major surgery, it’s just not practical to have a major life-changing surgery. Also, there’s no guarantee that a spinal fusion will help me and surgery is risky in itself, that’s a risk I don’t feel comfortable taking while having a small child who relies solely on me. Being in constant pain and having to learn to adjust to life how it is now, has been such a mental struggle for me. I have had to start seeing a therapist to try to help me cope with anxiety and depression I have developed since this accident and the pain it’s caused me. It’s been well over a year since the accident has occurred and I still get nervous when a car comes up behind me while at a red light. This accident has given me a permanent fear of being rear ended, and a permanent fear of future injuries. My overall quality of life has suffered so much because of the effects of this accident. It’s affected not only me, but my family as well. My son is now left with a mom who can’t run through the park and play with him, who can’t easily get on the floor to play, who is constantly struggling. My family has had to help me financially just to keep my bills paid, causing them to also struggle financially. I am scared for what my future looks like because of this injury. I always had a vision of such a bright, happy, secure life for myself and my son. Now, I worry what limitations I will have that prevent me from having the life I want and deserve. I worry what type of mother I’ll be able to be. I want to be able to participate in fun and games with my son. I want to have a fulfilling career. I want to have a happy and pain free life. I am only 32 years old and I’m already feeling the effects of what this accident has taken from me- not to mention how it will affect my future. Even with a financial settlement, it still won’t make me better. It won’t ever take the pain away. A settlement will help repay the huge debt I’ve accumulated due to this injury, as far as my personal bills and medical bills. I’m stuck to live with these injuries and still make the most out of my life. Having this monetary award will at least help with the financial strain of being injured and help me try to get back on my feet. 



I hope this letter has given you a small glimpse into the strain this accident has put on me physically, mentally, emotionally, and financially. I would be happy to speak with you personally if you have any questions. 
Thank you for taking the time to read my statement and taking the things mentioned above into consideration when making decisions regarding this case. #cc
