---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-26"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-26

**Case:** [[cases/savion-simpson-mva-02-11-2022/savion-simpson-mva-02-11-2022|Savion Simpson MVA 02/11/2022]]

## 14:53:54

__Re: RECORDS REQUEST-S SIMPSON__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "recordsrequest@mcabilling.com"  [recordsrequest@mcabilling.com](mailto:recordsrequest@mcabilling.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2024 14:50:28 -0400

Good afternoon Jennifer,
     According to the Pleasure Ridge Park Fire & EMS website, see attached,
we are supposed to fax a written request to fax # 502-245-8086. According
to the returned request, it was faxed to the appropriate department. Please
advise of any new fax or email in which to send the request.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Sat, Mar 23, 2024 at 11:11?AM recordsrequest@mcabilling.com <
recordsrequest@mcabilling.com> wrote:

> Good morning,
>
> We received your request for records on Savion Simpson, we do not do the
> billing for Pleasure Ridge therefore we would not have any records for this
> patient. Thank you, have a great day!
>
>
> *To ensure timely receipt and processing, please send all records requests
> and questions to our dedicated email address: recordsrequest@mcabilling.com
> .*
>
> *Billing Support Department *
> Jennifer Lee
> Support Specialist
> *Phone/Fax: (304)-521-1561*
>
> The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and
> confidential information, including patient information protected by
> federal and state privacy laws such as HIPAA. It is intended only for the
> use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient,
> you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or
> duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not
> the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and
> destroy all copies of the original message.
>

## 14:52:21

__RECORDS REQUEST-S SIMPSON__
From: "recordsrequest@mcabilling.com"  [recordsrequest@mcabilling.com](mailto:recordsrequest@mcabilling.com)
To: "SARENA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM"  [SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Sat, 23 Mar 2024 15:10:23 +0000

Good morning,

      We received your request for records on Savion Simpson, we do not do the billing for Pleasure Ridge therefore we would not have any records for this patient. Thank you, have a great day!


To ensure timely receipt and processing, please send all records requests and questions to our dedicated email address: recordsrequest@mcabilling.com.

Billing Support Department
Jennifer Lee
Support Specialist
Phone/Fax: (304)-521-1561
[cid:90a96ba6-7a69-4eab-9012-78568ba404bc]
The information contained in this transmission may contain privileged and confidential information, including patient information protected by federal and state privacy laws such as HIPAA. It is intended only for the use of the person(s) named above. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination, distribution, or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message.

## 12:54:16

__#secure#RE: Certified Medical Records & Billing Request - Savion Simpson DOB 12/31/2002__
From: ULH Customer Service  [ULHCustomerService@uoflhealth.org](mailto:ULHCustomerService@uoflhealth.org)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 25 Mar 2024 19:30:04 +0000

 
ULH Customer Service (ULHCustomerService@uoflhealth.org) has sent you a 
protected message. 


[image: lock]

Read the message 




Learn about messages protected by Microsoft Purview Message Encryption. 
 

Privacy Statement  

Learn More  on email 
encryption. 
Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052

## 12:23:34

Recvd CMR & CMB Synergy Rehab - $10,608.00 #CMR #CMB
