---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-15

**Case:** [[cases/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022/kenneth-michael-martin-iii-mva-02-24-2022|Kenneth Michael Martin III MVA 02/24/2022]]

## 12:54:04

__Re: Kenneth Martin III__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [wagersdebbie07@gmail.com](mailto:wagersdebbie07@gmail.com)
Cc: [KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:KennethMichaelMartinIIIZ1765607@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Fri, 15 Jul 2022 12:53:52 -0400

No one is blaming anyone. Can you give me your car insurance information?
Will you see if Kendra will provide that information as well.  Car
insurance frequently have Underinsured Motorist Coverage. This is coverage
that can be used to pay Kenneth's Estate. The coverage usually extends to
residents of the same household. If you give me the insurance company names
and policy numbers I can check on that.

On Fri, Jul 15, 2022 at 12:08 AM Debbie Wagers 
wrote:

> So police are blaming my son...right
>
> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:27 PM Debbie Wagers 
> wrote:
>
>> His ex wife Kendra had a vehicle and she lived here also.
>>
>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 4:24 PM Debbie Wagers 
>> wrote:
>>
>>> Kenneth and his ex wife had been living with me about 6 months at time
>>> of accident. He did not have a car in his name.  Do his medical bills come
>>> out of that as well
>>>
>>> On Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 2:59 PM Aaron Whaley 
>>> wrote:
>>>
>>>> Debbie, this is Aaron Whaley. My office has been helping you on your
>>>> son's case.  I want to offer my sincerest condolences. I can't imagine
>>>> losing a child. I have a son and a daughter and could not handle their
>>>> loss. I know you have been in contact with Faye in my office.  The
>>>> insurance company for the other drivers has offered their policy limit.
>>>> That is not very much considering what happened. $25,000. I want you to
>>>> know I am not taking a fee on that. Whenever it comes in it will go to
>>>> Kenneth's estate. Before you can even consider accepting this I need to
>>>> know a few things.
>>>>
>>>> Did Kenneth own a car?
>>>>
>>>> Did Kenneth live in your residence?
>>>>
>>>> If not, did anyone else live with Kenneth?
>>>>
>>>> Let me know when you have a chance. Thank you
>>>>
>>>> --
>>>> Aaron Whaley
>>>> Whaley Law Firm
>>>> 712 Lyndon Ln
>>>> Louisville, KY 40222
>>>> 502-583-4022
>>>>
>>>>

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
