---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-07"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-07

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccoy-mva-6-30-2022/erin-mccoy-mva-6-30-2022|Erin McCoy MVA 6/30/2022]]

## 12:08:10

__New Voice Message from CLERMONT     GA (678) 400-6487 on 09/07/2022 11:47 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 7 Sep 2022 15:48:10 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* CLERMONT GA (678) 400-6487 
*Received:* Wednesday, September 07, 2022 at 11:47 AM 
*Length:* 00:26 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is Vivian calling on behalf of Ortho support and find 
position just giving you a call in regards to the email for Aaron McCoy and 
Alexis. If you would please give me a call. I would greatly appreciate it. 
You can reach me at 678406487. Thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
