---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-09-25"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-09-25

**Case:** [[cases/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021|Abigail Swan MVA 10/17/2021]]

## 16:16:30

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to obtain information, no answer, left vm and sent text message. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: September 25 2023

## 16:16:09

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 16:14:09

Hi Ms. Abigail, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We just need information about the injuries you had from the accident last 10/17/2021 and medical providers you had seen for your treatment. You can reply here or call me back at (502)450-9495. Thank you.

## 16:11:59

__Re: [External] 0645551847__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [claims@claims.allstate.com](mailto:claims@claims.allstate.com)
Date: Mon, 25 Sep 2023 16:09:46 -0400

Hi,

The last information we had from our client is that she had to go to
hospital with whiplash and she also had shoulder issues. And the medical
providers we have for her were the St. Joseph Hospital and Southeastern
Emergency Services. I tried contacting Ms. Abigail today, but no answer,
I'll keep you posted for any updates or further information about her
injuries and treatment. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Sep 25, 2023 at 4:00?PM Allstate Insurance <
allstate@service01.email-allstate.com> wrote:

> Log in to review.
> ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
>
> Claim *0645551847*
> [image: Allstate]
> 
>
> Hello,
>
>
>
> Please accept this email as an acknowledgement of your representation.
> This claim has been transferred to me. At your convenience, can you please
> provide the most current injury and treatment information on client Abigail
> Swan?
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
>
> KYLE STEELE
> Allstate Property and Casualty Insurance Company
> Phone: (615) 874-6806
> Fax: (866) 447-4293
> claims@claims.allstate.com
>
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments,
> may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely
> for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the
> intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or
> copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message
> in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from
> your system.
>
> **** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID ****
>
> *** Conversation ID: FR61491a4c1c964b ***
>
>
> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> From: coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
> Sent: Friday, Sep 22, 2023 12:50 PM
> To: claims@claims.allstate.com, 8664474293@rcfax.com
> Subject: [External] 0645551847
>
> Hi,
>
> Please acknowledge receipt. Thank you.
>
> Respectfully,
>
> Coleen Madayag
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)450-9495
> Fax: (502)364-9363
> coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
>
>
> Did you find this email useful?
>
> 
> 
> [image: Allstate]
> 
> MyClaim
> 
>   |   Tools & Resources
> 
>   |   Allstate.com
> 
> This email was sent to you at coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
> ? 2023 Allstate Insurance Company. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
> 
>    |   Contact Us
> 
> P_CLAIMS_EOB7B_FREEFORMTEXT_T
> EMAIL_TO:claims@claims.allstate.com:
>
