---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-07-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-07-10

**Case:** [[cases/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021/abigail-swan-mva-10-17-2021|Abigail Swan MVA 10/17/2021]]

## 08:31:47

Hi Ms. Abigail, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We just need to obtain some information with you in regards to the incident last Oct. 17, 2021. We need the police report information, a list of medical providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of your health insurance card. You can reply here. Thank you.

## 16:11:20

__Whaley Law Firm - Need help to locate police report__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [pwade@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov](mailto:pwade@lexingtonpolice.ky.gov) Pamela Wade
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2023 16:09:53 -0400

Hi Ms. Pamela,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We are trying to locate the police
report for our client, Abigail Swan, the date of the incident was
10/17/2021. A brief description provided by our client, she stated that a
lady pulled an illegal u turn in an intersection and hit the vehicle of Ms.
Swan. If you can provide us the police report number for us to locate the
police report. Thank you so much.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 08:36:14

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to obtain information to set up file, but no answer, left vm. Sent text message and email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: July 10 2023

## 08:35:58

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 08:35:15

__Whaley Law Firm - Need to obtain information__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [abimswan@gmail.com](mailto:abimswan@gmail.com) Abigail Swan
Date: Mon, 10 Jul 2023 08:33:46 -0400

Hi Ms. Abigail,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. We just need to obtain some
information with you in regards to the incident that happened last October
17, 2021. We need the police report information, a list of medical
providers you have seen for treatment and a photo of the front and back of
your health insurance card. You can reply here or to the text message I
sent to you and it will automatically be saved on your file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com
