---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-11"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-11

**Case:** [[cases/jayusi-hilbert-mva-7-27-21/jayusi-hilbert-mva-7-27-21|Jayusi Hilbert MVA 7/27/21]]

## 12:20:28

__Evelyn  Goldstein - Selective Insurance.  - Ruby Mail__
From: Ruby Mail  [rubymail-noreply@callruby.com](mailto:rubymail-noreply@callruby.com)
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com 
CC:  
Date: 11 Jan 2022 05:39:31 -0800

From Name: Evelyn  Goldstein
From Number: 609-689-7649
From Company: Selective Insurance. 
This is for Jay Hilbert and Domerica Mobley. Caller states she has left multiple messages and is waiting for a response. 

Actions: Please contact
To: Aaron Whaley	Whaley Law Firm
Date: 01/11/2022 08:36 AM
Caller ID: SELECTIVE INSUR	6096897649
Ruby Receptionist: Leslie T.
To see detailed information about your calls, log in online at https://my.ruby.com, or open the Ruby app. From there you can access the Ruby Help Center or open a ticket with Ruby's Customer Happiness team. We're also here for you at 866-611-7829 or staff@ruby.com.

## 12:03:21

1. Does Jayusi Hilbert need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Jayusi Hilbert need's their car fixed and the Property Damage taskflow was not triggered then please go to the Intake and trigger "Property Damage Follow up" taskflow.

## 12:03:22

Did Jayusi Hilbert go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and begin the "Medical Records Request" Taskflow.

## 12:03:24

1. Do we have the Police Report? 
2. Has the Police Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Do we have the Civilian Report? 
4. Has the Request Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Has the Complete Civilian Report taskflow been triggered? .
If any answer is Yes then complete this task and follow through on any new taskflow. If all answers are No or no answer then go to the intake and see if there is some reason the appropriate taskflow was not triggered and trigger it.

## 12:03:26

Does Jayusi Hilbert need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)
Has lost wage taskflow been triggered? 	No
If Jayusi Hilbert needs lost wages paid and taskflow has not triggered go to  the Intake and trigger "Lost Wage Reimbursement" taskflow.

## 12:03:28

Contact Jayusi Hilbert at 619-251-5691 Main and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered. Initiate "Provider Follow up" taskflow for all treatment providers.

## 12:03:31

1. Has the PIP taskflow been triggered? No. 
2. Has the KAC taskflow been triggered? No. 
3. Is Jayusi Hilbert the Owner of the Vehicle they were in? .
If neither PIP nor KAC taskflow has started and Jayusi Hilbert is NOT the owner of the vehicle they was in then go to the intake and determine whether the KAC or the PIP taskflow should start and start it.
