---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-02-08"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-02-08

**Case:** [[cases/zieland-anderson-mva-7-9-2023/zieland-anderson-mva-7-9-2023|Zieland Anderson MVA 7/9/2023]]

## 14:59:06

__RE: New Text Message from (502) 210-1388 on 02/08/2024 1:20 PM__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley', [abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:abbysitgravesmvaz3830561@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) 'Abby Sitgraves'
Date: Thu, 8 Feb 2024 13:57:11 -0500

Eric Sitgraves has a different address than Abby and Erica

We have Abby’s address correct in the system

Erica’s and Zeiland’s address is 4412 Sunflower Ave. Louisville, KY 40216 

I called State Farm, spoke with a team member of Julie Winters, provided Erica’s policy number to open UM claim.

If we don’t hear from Julie today/early tomorrow, I’ll follow up with her to make sure UM claim is setup. 

I sent over Ocean Harbor DEC to State Farm 

Erica doesn’t think she was insured at the time but also has State Farm. I’ll have State Farm confirm one way or another. 

 

Justin Chumbley

Whaley Law Firm

Ph: (502)583-4022

Fax: (502)364-9363

 

From: Aaron Whaley  
Sent: Thursday, February 8, 2024 1:31 PM
To: Justin Chumbley ; Abby Sitgraves 
Subject: Fwd: New Text Message from (502) 210-1388 on 02/08/2024 1:20 PM

 

This is a mess.  On Abby Sitgraves, Erica Sitgraves and Zeiland Anderson this is what is up and what needs to be done. FL accident. Clients live here. Car that hit them has no insurance for injuries. We opened a claim with Travelers which insured the car that they were in. The car they were in was a rental. Abby got the rental. Travelers is secondary coverage. The claim that we have open with State Farm for UM coverage is Eric Sitgraves coverage. Abby is Erica and Eric's mother. Erica is Zeilands mother. The attached insurance card is infurance information for Abby. We need to open a UM claim under that policy. Need to find out where everyone lived day of the accident. The address that everyone listed was Abby's address. Not sure if they were all living at her address day ofr accident or not. Erica may have had insurance coverage as well at the time. Recap

At fault: No coverage.

Car they were in: Rental with Travelers

Household coverage on Eric Sitgraves policy: State Farm claim that is open.

Abby Sitgraves: Attached policy information.

Erica Sitgraves: unknown, possible, personal coverage. 

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral  >
Date: Thu, Feb 8, 2024 at 1:20?PM
Subject: New Text Message from (502) 210-1388 on 02/08/2024 1:20 PM
To: aaron whaley  >

 



   

   


   

Text Message 

  _____  



Dear aaron whaley, 

You have a new text message:


From:

(502) 210-1388 


To:

aaron whaley 


Received:

Thursday, February 08, 2024 at 1:20 PM


Attachment: 

1 image 


To reply using the RingCentral app  .

Thank you for using RingCentral!

 

  _____  



Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app.   Get started 

 


By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to our   Terms of Use. 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002, USA. 




 

-- 

Aaron Whaley

Whaley Law Firm

712 Lyndon Ln

Louisville, KY 40222

502-583-4022
