---
schema_version: 2
date: "2026-02-17"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2026-02-17

**Case:** [[cases/jacob-herrle-mva-6-17-2025/jacob-herrle-mva-6-17-2025|Jacob Herrle MVA 6/17/2025]]

## 14:09:46

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 02/17/26 - 13:04:51 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 8595472611 

Caller ID: 859-547-2611 

Caller Name: Jacob Herrle 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/21929095 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Hi, Aaron. My name is Jacob Herrle. I call I am calling because last July, June of 2025I signed up with your firm because I was in an accident with a bus, a bus hitting yet to nowhere. So I use your guys as services. I worked at Justin for a bit and then all of a sudden I got no correspondence starting in October. I tried so so many times to call you guys to email you to get something, got nothing. So in january 2026, I go ahead and informs you I no longer needed. I was going to not use your guys as services anymore and I am switching to a different law firm. The new law firm has reached out to you guys to try to get the file of what you have done on my behalf. We have got no correspondence about that in weeks. I am really kind of suffering on on that end. In addition, it turns out when I try, I got some bills, medical bills and collections because you guys told State Farm not to pay the bills on my behalf and so I try to tell them to pay them, but they need a letter from your law office that tells them you no longer represent me, so I can send a letter that someone else represents me, and you guys just do not answer me, no 1 answers me and you Are you are 2 and a half hours away? So if I I mean, if I need to drive down there to talk to someone I will but if someone can call and talk to me, if someone can answer me or call me back, will respond to me in some way because I do not want to take the next step. But if no one's talking to me from your office, I do not know what to do. I physically do not know what to do if no one's responding to me. So you can give me call back 8595472611I would really appreciate it. Thank you. Bye.
