---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-08"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-08

**Case:** [[cases/joshua-davis-mva-10-23-2020/joshua-davis-mva-10-23-2020|Joshua Davis MVA 10/23/2020]]

## 15:12:57

__Re: 3/16 Depositions of Joshua Davis & Diery Cisse | ZOOM Details__
From: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger  [schedule@kentuckianareporters.com](mailto:schedule@kentuckianareporters.com)
To: David Bryant  [david@davidbryantlaw.com](mailto:david@davidbryantlaw.com),  "agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com"  [agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com](mailto:agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com),  Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com),  "interpretation@altalang.com"  [interpretation@altalang.com](mailto:interpretation@altalang.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 8 Mar 2023 18:58:39 +0000

Sorry - I just realized that the interpreter's email address was entered incorrectly initially. I have added the correct email address to this email.




[https://img.signmyemails.net/photos/zF5QTCY1VTN8AmC6v4ekxvITmqchWAtL.png]

Kristina Wenninger

Scheduling Manager
Kentuckiana Court Reporters

A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

P: (502) 589-2273   F: (502) 584-0119

E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com

[facebook]

[linkedin]

? Schedule your next deposition today!


________________________________
From: David Bryant 
Sent: Wednesday, March 8, 2023 11:31 AM
To: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger ; agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com ; Joel Franklin ; Sarena Tuttle ; interpretation@altalang 
Subject: RE: 3/16 Depositions of Joshua Davis & Diery Cisse | ZOOM Details


To be clear, I intend to depose Joshua Davis in person at Joel Franklin’s office (see attached).  If Joel wants to depose Mr. Cisse via zoom at the conclusion of Davis’ depo, that’s fine, but I will need a few minutes to get back to my office and meet with my client.  Someone will also need to communicate with the interpreter so he/she is at the right place.



David G. Bryant

DAVID BRYANT LAW, PLLC
600 W. Main St., Suite 100

Louisville, KY 40202

(502) 540-1221

(502) 540-1200 fax

www.davidbryantlaw.com



The greatest compliment you can give us is the referral of a loved one or friend.







From: Scheduling Manager - Kristina Wenninger 
Sent: Wednesday, March 8, 2023 10:55 AM
To: David Bryant ; agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com; Joel Franklin ; Sarena Tuttle ; interpretation@altalang
Subject: 3/16 Depositions of Joshua Davis & Diery Cisse | ZOOM Details



Note: All remote videoconference links will be sent ONLY to the email addresses provided to us at the time of scheduling, and they will be responsible for forwarding the connection info to all other parties in the case.



Case Caption:  Joshua Davis v. Diery Cisse, et al.

Witness Name:  Joshua Davis; Diery Cisse



Listed below are the ZOOM details for your upcoming deposition:



Reporter & ZOOM Connection. 2 witnesses.

Location 1: The reporter, Joshua Davis, & some attorneys will appear in person from Franklin Injury Law.
Location 2: Some attorneys, the interpreter, & Diery Cisse will appear via ZOOM from a remote location.

Topic: 79909 - Joshua Davis; Diery Cisse
Time: Mar 16, 2023 12:00 PM Eastern Time (US and Canada)

Join Zoom Meeting
https://us06web.zoom.us/j/83563875451

Meeting ID: 835 6387 5451
Dial-in: 1-929-205-6099






[https://img.signmyemails.net/photos/zF5QTCY1VTN8AmC6v4ekxvITmqchWAtL.png]

Kristina Wenninger

Scheduling Manager
Kentuckiana Court Reporters

A: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

P: (502) 589-2273   F: (502) 584-0119

E: Schedule@kentuckianareporters.com

[facebook]

[linkedin]



? Schedule your next deposition today!

## 13:45:51

__Joshua Davis v Diery Cisse Depositions - March 16, 2023 Starting at Noon__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com),  Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 8 Mar 2023 12:44:14 -0500

Hey guys,
    Just wanted to let you both know, Josh called into confirm his
deposition - Confirmed with him - Called DC to confirm Def Cisse Deposition
- Confirmed
     This is the one with the Wolof Interpreter, so DC laid out how this
day would work - DC will attend Client Depo InPerson at Joel's office &
then leave to meet Def at his office and login to the Zoom. It is a bit odd
for him to leave instead of bringing Def with him so wanted you to be aware
of his planning.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 13:24:31

Called DC to Confirm Def Depo immediately following Client - Confirmed - DC will meet with Assoc Franklin in Assoc Franklin office for Client deposition In-Person - DC will then return to meet Def at his office to attend via Zoom due to Interpreter being based out of California - Both Depos confirmed for 03/16/2023 starting w/Client In Person at Noon - Def to Immediately follow via Zoom #Lit #DepoSch #Confirmation

## 13:13:31

Recvd call from Client - Confirming Depo is set a go for 03/16 - Confirmed - Advised him that we will do a final confirmation a day or 2 prior to the deposition as well as Assoc Franklin will reach out to him the day before or early that morning to go over any questions or concerns - He expressed understanding and stated he will make sure he can get off work early - Advised he is welcome to present our Notice to his employer but if they need the actual court notice, we would be happy to forward that over as well #cc #DepoSch
