---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-27

**Case:** [[cases/eugene-wilson-mva-4-24-2022/eugene-wilson-mva-4-24-2022|Eugene Wilson MVA 4/24/2022]]

## 15:13:00

Contact Eugene Wilson at 502-751-1521 and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 15:12:58

1. Do we have the Police Report? No
2. Do we have the Civilian Report? 

If any answer is Yes then complete this task  If all answers are No then follow up on the appropriate report.

## 15:12:56

Did Eugene Wilson go to the Hospital?  No, . 
If Yes then Input Hospital in the Medical section and Mark it as Treatment Complete

## 15:12:59

Does Eugene Wilson need lost wages reimbursed? No (If No, double check and see if employment status in intake says unknown. If unknown check with client and act appropriately)

If Eugene Wilson needs lost wages paid Then check yes in the checklist and follow up.

## 15:12:55

1. Does Eugene Wilson need their car fixed? No. 
2. Was Property Damage taskflow triggered? No. 

If Eugene Wilson need's their car fixed Please follow up and note Yes in the Checklist.

## 15:08:45

Move to set up phase and assign to appropriate claim specialist

## 15:11:53

Companion: Mickenzie Hill - Mother
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/1561501/activity

## 15:11:38

Name: Eugene Wilson
DL#: n/a
M or F: Male 
Marital status: single 
Address: same
DOB: 12/23/2010
SS#: 405-73-4956
Mobile Phone: same as mother 
Email: same
Injuries: back pain 
Injury photos:
Treatment: same 
Has your treatment required a cast, brace or other medical device: no
If so, please save this for possible use in trial.
Hospital: no
Discharge papers: n/a
EMS: no

Employment: n/a

Health Insurance: Aetna Medicaid
ID #: 0042454611
Policy Holder: He is
