---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-31"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-31

**Case:** [[cases/carolyn-crews-premise-08-31-2023/carolyn-crews-premise-08-31-2023|Carolyn Crews Premise 08/31/2023]]

## 10:00:02

Send Medical Record and Bill Requests for The Medical Center at Bowling Green

## 10:53:55

@jessa need SSN

## 10:46:05

Recvd AW Email to locate Insurance Information then release to Jessa/Aries - Reviewed CaseOpp - Landlord appears to be Thomas Kelly (per Lexis search) - Attempted to call Client this morning for any additional information she is able to provide - Mailing address, Spouses Name, Etc - No Answer - LVM #cc #Intake #Investigation

## 11:12:51

Ran Lexis Search for Landlord Contact - Thomas Kelly owner of Vulcan Investments LLC - PO BOX 302, Bowling Green, KY 42102 - Sending Turn Over Letter to Def PO Box & Registered Agent Address of 550 Traditions #102, Bowling Green, KY 42103 - Added Cert Mail Fee to Expenses - $22.02 #LOR #TurnOver #Investigation #Expenses

## 11:56:15

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax  [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 2024 10:19:20 -0500

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:55:04

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax  [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 2024 10:19:30 -0500

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 11:50:39

__Re: FW: new intake__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Jessa Galosmo  [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: justin@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Greg Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 2024 10:48:21 -0500

Located Property Owner - Sent Turn Over Insurance Ltr to Vulcan Investments
owned by Thomas Kelly via Cert Mail - Attempted to call Client - LVM -
Awaiting Return call

Jessa,
If you hear from Mr. Kelly, please ask him to provide us with his Property
Insurance for his property located at 815 Church Street. A Company Name &
Policy Number should be sufficient.
Call the insurance & set up the claim if he has not already done so & then
send the BI LOR attached. There will be no PIP/Medical Coverage for this
incident and she will have to use her Private Health Ins (PHI) for all
treatments. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me
to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Jan 31, 2024 at 9:30?AM  wrote:

> Carolyn Crews
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Sarena Tuttle 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, January 31, 2024 9:27 AM
> *To:* justin@whaleylawfirm.com
> *Cc:* Jessa Galosmo 
> *Subject:* Re: FW: new intake
>
>
>
> What is the client's name?
>
>
>
> Sarena M. Tuttle
>
> Litigation Paralegal &
>
> Workers' Compensation Case Manager
>
> The Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Lane
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> D: (502) 357-9971
>
> O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
>
> E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
>
> (PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
>
>
>
>
>
> On Wed, Jan 31, 2024 at 9:03?AM  wrote:
>
> Jessa,
>
>
>
> Once Sarena confirms the insurance information, send the LOR that we have
> used on similar slip and fall cases.
>
>
>
> Justin Chumbley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> Ph: (502)583-4022
>
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
>
>
> *From:* Aaron Whaley 
> *Sent:* Tuesday, January 30, 2024 4:50 PM
> *To:* Justin Chumbley ; Sarena Tuttle <
> sarena@whaleylawfirm.com>
> *Subject:* new intake
>
>
>
> added to FV. It is a fall at a rental property. I want Jessa or Aries to
> case manage. Add Sarena as paralegal and she can help find proper insurance
> information.
>
>
>
> --
>
> Aaron Whaley
>
> Whaley Law Firm
>
> 712 Lyndon Ln
>
> Louisville, KY 40222
>
> 502-583-4022
>
>
>
>

## 10:47:44

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:46:54

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd AW Email - Reviewed Claim - Attempted to call Client for additional information on Landlord  - LVM 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: January 31 2024

## 10:01:01

New Medical Provider Added
