---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-29

**Case:** [[cases/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger/edwinna-eley-sf-6-16-2020-kroger|Edwinna Eley SF 6/16/2020 (Kroger)]]

## 18:36:39

__Re: Edwinna Eley v. The Kroger Co.__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 29 Aug 2022 18:36:15 -0400

Hey Joel,
    Just let me know which dates work best for you and I will call Edwinna.
She had just left me a voicemail in regards to getting this rescheduled.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Aug 29, 2022 at 3:41 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Goodhue, Brenda 
> Date: Mon, Aug 29, 2022 at 2:56 PM
> Subject: Edwinna Eley v. The Kroger Co.
> To: Aaron Whaley 
> CC: Kannady, Matthew , Elliott-Reed, Lynn
> M. 
>
>
> Please see the attached correspondence being sent on behalf of Matthew
> Kannady.
>
>
>
> Sincerely,
>
> ~Brenda
>
>
>
> [image: Dinsmore]
>
>
> *Brenda G. Goodhue *Paralegal
> Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  •  Legal Counsel
> 101 South Fifth Street
> Suite 2500
> Louisville, KY 40202
> *T* (502) 540-2358  •  *F* (502) 585-2207
> *E* brenda.goodhue@dinsmore.com  •  dinsmore.com 
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
>
> NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission from the law firm of Dinsmore &
> Shohl may constitute an attorney-client communication that is privileged at
> law. It is not intended for transmission to, or receipt by, any
> unauthorized persons. If you have received this electronic mail
> transmission in error, please delete it from your system without copying
> it, and notify the sender by reply e-mail, so that our address record can
> be corrected.
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 18:33:54

__Fwd: Edwinna Eley v. The Kroger Co.__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 29 Aug 2022 15:41:19 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Goodhue, Brenda 
Date: Mon, Aug 29, 2022 at 2:56 PM
Subject: Edwinna Eley v. The Kroger Co.
To: Aaron Whaley 
CC: Kannady, Matthew , Elliott-Reed, Lynn M. <
Lynn.ElliottReed@dinsmore.com>


Please see the attached correspondence being sent on behalf of Matthew
Kannady.



Sincerely,

~Brenda



[image: Dinsmore]


*Brenda G. Goodhue *Paralegal
Dinsmore & Shohl LLP  •  Legal Counsel
101 South Fifth Street
Suite 2500
Louisville, KY 40202
*T* (502) 540-2358  •  *F* (502) 585-2207
*E* brenda.goodhue@dinsmore.com  •  dinsmore.com 



------------------------------

NOTICE: This electronic mail transmission from the law firm of Dinsmore &
Shohl may constitute an attorney-client communication that is privileged at
law. It is not intended for transmission to, or receipt by, any
unauthorized persons. If you have received this electronic mail
transmission in error, please delete it from your system without copying
it, and notify the sender by reply e-mail, so that our address record can
be corrected.
-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:02:09

__Urgent Voice Message from ELEY EDWINNA (502) 631-7064 on 08/29/2022 11:00 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 29 Aug 2022 15:00:36 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ELEY EDWINNA (502) 631-7064 
*Received:* Monday, August 29, 2022 at 11:00 AM 
*Length:* 00:47 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, miss Marina. This is miss Haley, giving you a call. I wanted to see 
if you could tell me, hopefully, I was trying to see if there was any new 
information on my case is know when we have another date set up to go see 
the other people know, we had changed the day. So the deposition, date, can 
you give me a call back let me know what's going on with the case and then 
I'm trying to follow up on the file family down at main dollar general case 
to see what I need to do to start treatment. We're at what's going on with 
these cases, please. Thank you have a blessed day." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
