---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-04-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-04-12

**Case:** [[cases/antonio-kennedy-mva-10-17-2020/antonio-kennedy-mva-10-17-2020|Antonio Kennedy MVA 10/17/2020]]

## 15:52:36

__Re: FW: Kennedy Settlement Agreement__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 12 Apr 2022 15:51:15 -0400

Hey AW,
I have double checked my email from 03/30 & 03/31 and do not see receipt of
this settlement agreement nor has it been uploaded, can you double check
your emails? I do see where you drafted our settlement docs and they were
vinesigned...

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, Apr 12, 2022 at 3:35 PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Brian House 
> Date: Mon, Apr 11, 2022 at 4:43 PM
> Subject: FW: Kennedy Settlement Agreement
> To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com <
> agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com>
>
>
> Aaron,
>
> Have you emailed the fully executed settlement agreement to Beth? I cannot
> find where I was copied on that email. If you can, please send the
> settlement agreement to her and me as soon as possible.
>
> Brian
>
>
>
> *From:* Elizabeth A. Arrick 
> *Sent:* Monday, April 11, 2022 4:37 PM
> *To:* Brian House 
> *Subject:* RE: Kennedy Settlement Agreement
>
>
>
> Good afternoon Brian,
>
>
>
> I was writing to inquire about the signed settlement agreement – I did not
> receive a copy after I sent it to Mr. Whaley. I may be mistaken but thought
> that you had said you would send a fully executed copy around.
>
>
>
> Thanks,
>
>
>
> *Beth A. Arrick*
>
> *Casey Bailey & Maines, PLLC*
>
> 3151 Beaumont Centre Circle, Ste 200 | Lexington, Kentucky 40513
>
> (859) 243-0228 | Fax(859) 317-8070
>
>
>
> *[image: Description: logo]*
>
>
>
> **PLEASE NOTE MY UPDATED CONTACT INFORMATION AND EMAIL ADDRESS: **EARRICK@CBMLAW.NET
> *
>
>
>
> *This message is intended only for the addressee and may contain
> information that is privileged, confidential and/or attorney work product.
> If you are not the intended recipient, do not read, copy, retain or
> disseminate this message or any attachment. If you have received this
> message in error, please call the sender immediately at (859) 243-0228 and
> delete all copies of the message and any attachment. Neither the
> transmission of this message or any attachment, nor any error in
> transmission or misdelivery shall constitute waiver of any applicable legal
> privilege.*
>
>
>
> *From:* Brian House 
> *Sent:* Wednesday, March 30, 2022 2:29 PM
> *To:* Elizabeth A. Arrick 
> *Subject:* Kennedy Settlement Agreement
>
>
>
> Settlement agreement attached
>
> * [External Email: Please use caution when opening attachments and links
> from external senders.]*
>
>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>
