---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-30"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-30

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-berry-mva-8-13-22/kimberly-berry-mva-8-13-22|Kimberly Berry MVA 8-13-22]]

## 13:29:34

This Is Cameron With The Whaley Law Firm, Please forward any photos you have of the accident and front and back of health insurance cards along with your insurance for the car you was driving and the other info on the other car that hit you as well! if you already have the claims open for your car and his please send those claim numbers and adjuster info.

## 19:59:09

Contact Kimberly Berry at (606) 335-4908 Personal Mobile and do Welcome Call and send Welcome Email(if able). 
Confirm treatment providers and enter any in system that have not been entered.

## 10:44:20

__Case Type__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Case Summary__
P was sitting in a parked car when an unattended vehicle reversed into her.
Happened at Double Quick Gas Station in Whitesburg, KY

Whitesburg PD responded did not have the info
P was scheduled for an MRI with Whitesburg Hospital but did bit receive it because health insurance would not cover it and she did not know what PIP was.

PIP: KFB
BI: Progressive



__Incident Date__
8/13/2022 4:00:00 AM

__Intake Name__
Brandon French

__Attorney Name__
Aaron Whaley

__County of Accident__
Letcher

__Time of Accident__
3pm

__How many vehicles were involved in the accident?__
2

__Weather and Road Conditions__
Sunny & Dry

__Description of Incident__
P was sitting in a parked car when an unattended vehicle reversed into her.

__Did Police Come to the Scene?__
Yes

__Injury Notes__
neck and back pain

__Did Client go to the ER or Urgent Care Center?__
Yes

__Hospital or Urgent Care Center__
Whitesburg ARH

__Date of Visit__
8/14/2022

__Did Client follow up with their PCP?__
Yes

__PCP Physician/Facility__
Dr. Heath S. Cook, DO

__Did the vehicle the client was in have insurance?__
Yes

__Do you have the driver's Insurance Information?__
Yes

__Car insurance for the car client was in.__
Kentucky Farm Bureau

__Claim Number__
Not reported

__Claim Status__
Pending

__Client's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
1988 BMW 735

__Damage To Client's Vehicle__
Back,Passenger Side

__Employment Status:__
Not working at the time of accident

__Defendant's Auto Insurance__
Progressive

__BI Claim Number__
Did not have

__BI Claim Status__
Accepted

__Defendant's Vehicle - Year, Make & Model__
Gray Mazda 3

__Damage to Other Vehicle__
Front

__Fault Factors__
Def left vehicle unattended and it rolled into P

__What Type of Case is it?__
Motor Vehicle Accident

__Were you injured?__
Yes

__Have you had any medical treatment for your injuries?__
Yes

__Is it someone else's fault?__
Yes

__Notes__


-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/16/2022 1:29:07 AM - Lead Docket  - Added lead in Chase status / First Attempt - 

----All posted information----
Email : kimmyartlover1@gmail.com
First : Kimberly
Last : Berry
Phone : +16063354908
Summary : 1) How were you hurt? Automobile Accident
2)Did you have to go to the doctor? Yes
3) Are you currently represented by an attorney? No
4) Were you at fault? No
5) When did this accident happen?Within 4-6 months
6) Describe Your Incident I was sitting in my parked car and a car rolled and hit me in the back there was no one in her car she went in the gas station and left her car unattended

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/16/2022 10:16:54 AM - Jacob Santiago - Changed lead status to Chase / Chase 24 Hour #1 - called PCX, ring no answer, reach VM, LVM.

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/16/2022 12:53:52 PM - Jacob Santiago - Changed lead status to Chase / Chase 24 Hour #2 - called PCX, ring no answer, reach VM, LVM.

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/16/2022 4:47:12 PM - Jacob Santiago - Changed lead status to Chase / Chase 24 Hour #3 - called PC, was able to talk to Kimberly and get additional information about her being involved in the accident. PC said the she do have the police report which shows that she&#39;s not at fault on the accident. Additional details below:

Do you still recall the date of the incident?
&gt; August 13, 2022
Where you injured?
&gt; back and neck pain 
Did you received any medical treatment after the incident?
&gt; she did go on the ER the following day  and also visited her family doctor which she was asked to get an MRI

email note sent to Brandon for follow up

Note emailed to: Brandon French (brandon@whaleylawfirm.com)
-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/29/2022 10:16:36 AM - Brandon French - Changed lead status to Chase / First week #1 - Called PC, no answer, LVM

-----------------End Note----------------- 

-----------------Begin Note----------------- 
11/30/2022 9:21:02 AM - Brandon French - Changed lead status to Pending Signup / Electronic Signature - Intake complete, waiting on e-sign

-----------------End Note----------------- 

__Messages__


-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 1:29:08 AM - From: +15026773361 - To: 6063354908 - Message:  - Hello Kimberly Berry, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or reply to this text. If you prefer, you can always reply  and we can pick a time convenient for you.

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!

The Whaley Law Firm
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 1:29:08 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: kimmyartlover1@gmail.com - Message: Let The Whaley Law Firm help you - Hi Kimberly,

Thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm.  We are sorry to learn that you are going through a difficult time right now. Please call us at (502) 677-3361 or email brandon@whaleylawfirm.com with the best time for us to speak with you.  Thank you for considering The Whaley Law Firm to help assist you in this serious situation.  We look forward to hearing from you soon.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm
(502) 677-3361
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 10:16:55 AM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: kimmyartlover1@gmail.com - Message: Kimberly, this is The Whaley Law Firm. How can we help! - Hello Kimberly, thank you for contacting The Whaley Law Firm. My name is Brandon French and I am the Intake Coordinator for our firm. We recently received the information you submitted regarding  your potential personal injury claim. Our team would love to speak with you further and gather some more information to see if we can be of some assistance. When time permits, please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502) 677-3361. If you prefer, you can always email me by REPLYING to this message..

We look forward to speaking with you soon. Have a great day!
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 12:53:53 PM - From: +15026773361 - To: 6063354908 - Message:  - Let The Whaley Law Firm help you get the settlement you deserve. It is very important for us to start working as soon as possible to get you the settlement you deserve.   It looks like we have still yet to speak with you further and are reaching out in hopes to gather some additional information to see if we can assist you with this matter. Please give me a call or shoot me a text at 502-677-3361 or let us know a good time for us to call you.
-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 12:53:53 PM - From: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com - To: kimmyartlover1@gmail.com - Message: Legal help from The Whaley Law Firm - Hello Kimberly.

You contacted The Whaley Law Firm recently requesting help for a legal problem.  Do you still need assistance?  If so, please call 502-677-3361, or reply to this email.  We would like to speak with you to see how we can help.

Thank you,

The Whaley Law Firm

-----------------End Message----------------- 

-----------------Begin Message----------------- 
Date:11/16/2022 4:47:13 PM - From: +15026773361
