---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-06-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-06-06

**Case:** [[cases/janssen-johnson-05-1-2023/janssen-johnson-05-1-2023|Janssen Johnson 05/1/2023]]

## 11:58:21

__8775347580000002__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [2023544691@rcfax.com](mailto:2023544691@rcfax.com)
Date: Tue, 6 Jun 2023 11:57:22 -0400

Hi,

Please acknowledge receipt. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:18:28

__Fwd: *Action requested* We need a response to process this open claim | No. 8775347580000002__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [JanssenJohnsonZ3727196@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JanssenJohnsonZ3727196@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 6 Jun 2023 11:17:55 -0400

Janssen Johnson. I confirmed Progressive does not have UM. I called the
client and he said Geico had been contacting him. Not sure if this is
Enterprise PIP or defendants insurance. Please follow up

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Ryan Johnson 
Date: Tue, Jun 6, 2023 at 11:15?AM
Subject: Re: *Action requested* We need a response to process this open
claim | No. 8775347580000002
To: GEICO Claims <
reply-fea615717565047c70-26_HTML-1323254215-1058498-31323@email1.geico.com>
Cc: 




On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 3:55 PM GEICO Claims  wrote:

> Please provide the details of your claim online
> View this email in your browser
> 
> [image: GEICO Logo]
> 
> Janssen Johnson
> Your Claim Number: 8775347580000002
> <#m_-5660888468164662301_m_7050658838386217337_>
> Company Name: GEICO Indemnity Company
> Please review your claim details
> You must review your claim as soon as possible. We need more information
> from you. Please confirm the details of your claim below.
> Continue here
> 
> We encourage you to check your claim status online
> ,
> and let us know how you would like to be contacted. A GEICO claims
> representative will reach out to you about the next steps.
> You're almost done...thanks for your patience.
> Sincerely,
> Your GEICO Claims Team
>
> Do not reply to this email. Information emailed in response to this
> message will not become part of your claim file; submit your inquiries to contact
> us
> .
>
> This email was sent to you at the following email address:
> JRMADE33@GMAIL.COM
> Message ID: CLM-405
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> Government Employees Insurance Company | GEICO General Insurance Company |
> GEICO Indemnity Company | GEICO Casualty Company | GEICO Advantage
> Insurance Company | GEICO Choice Insurance Company | GEICO Secure Insurance
> Company | GEICO County Mutual Insurance Company | Colonial County Mutual
> Insurance Company | GEICO Marine Insurance Company | GEICO Texas County
> Mutual Insurance
> One GEICO Plaza, Washington, D.C. 20076
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:42:13

Insurance Company Added

## 11:14:49

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/9 emailed adj to request UM/ DEC page
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Aaron

## 11:13:18

my email address is agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com

## 11:05:39

__Re: Janssen Johnson DOA 5-1-23__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [malissa@bluegrassbone.com](mailto:malissa@bluegrassbone.com)
Cc: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com), [JanssenJohnsonZ3727196@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JanssenJohnsonZ3727196@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 6 Jun 2023 11:05:24 -0400

PIP is good. The at fault car had no insurance and client does not have UM
coverage.

On Mon, Jun 5, 2023 at 3:35?PM  wrote:

> *Good afternoon, Aaron*
>
>
>
> *Jansseen Johnson was referred from the injury centers to Bluegrass bone
> and joint today. Dr. Khan thinks it would be beneficial to do a nerve block
> in his thoracic area. Due to him just starting with our clinic on 6-2-23 we
> have not had a chance to bill Progressive to see if PIP is approved. Do you
> know if PIP and BI is good to justify an injection? I know he treated at
> Synergy before coming to us and had MRI?s and X rays, so we don?t want to
> move forward with an injection without your approval. Please advise*
>
> *Thank you,*
>
>
>
> Malissa Stinson
>
> *The Injury Centers &*
>
> *Bluegrass Bone and Joint*
>
> *General Manager*
>
> *2137 Dixie Highway*
>
> *Louisville, KY 40210*
>
> *(502) 712-1292*
>
> *Fax (502) 901-9955*
>
> malissa@bluegrassbone.com
>
>
>
> *CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The contents of this email message and any
> attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain
> confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected
> from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient of this message or
> their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please
> immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message
> and any attachments. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby
> notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message
> or its attachments is strictly prohibited. *
>
>
>
>
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 11:00:17

__New Insurance Note:__ 6/6 spoke to adjuster. No UM.  sending Dec Page and rejection.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Progressive Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Aaron
