---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-09-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-09-06

**Case:** [[cases/justin-harrell-mva-06-30-2022/justin-harrell-mva-06-30-2022|Justin Harrell MVA 06/30/2022]]

## 12:18:35

__LexisNexis BuyCrash - Receipt for Order__
From: LexisNexis  [noreply@risk.lexisnexis.com](mailto:noreply@risk.lexisnexis.com)
To: Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 06 Sep 2022 20:12:58 +0400




LexisNexis | BuyCrash - Receipt



body {
	color:#4e5050;
	font-family:Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
	font-size:81%;
	font-style:normal;
	background: #FFF;
	width: 600px;
}
td {
        vertical-align: top;
}
#global_header div#ln {
	float:left;
	margin-right:17px;
}
#global_header {
	height: 50px;
	padding:25px 0 0 25px;
	width: 600px;
	float: left;
}
#global_header div#ln a {
	display:block;
	height:34px;
	overflow:hidden;
	text-indent:-500em;
	width:174px;
}
#global_header div#rs {
	float:left;
	font-weight:bold;
	margin-top:1px;
}
#global_header div#rs span {
	color:#990033;
	display:block;
	padding:5px 17px 3px;
}
#global_header div#rs span a {
	color:#ed1c24;
	font-size: 16px;
	font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
}
div#slab, div#slabFull {
	background-color:#F1EFEC;
	border:1px solid #CCC;
	height:100%;
	margin-top:-1px;
	padding: 7px 10px;
	position:relative;
	width: auto;
}
div#footer {
	color: #666666;
	font-size: 10px;
	text-align: center;
	width:635px;
}
div#slabFull {
	width:600px;
}
div#container {
	margin:0 25px;
	min-height:100%;
}
.textlinks {
    width: 100%;
    background-color:#F1EFEC;
}
.viewfeedback {
	font-size: 11px; 
	font-weight: bold;
	padding: 3em 0 0 0; 
	vertical-align: top;
	height: 20px;
	color: #ed1c24;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
.viewyouraccess {
	font-size: 14px; 
	font-weight: bold;
	padding: 0 0 10px; 
	vertical-align: top;
	height: 20px;
	color: #ed1c24;
}
.footerLegal1 {
	font-size: 81%; 
	color: #666666; 
	width: 600px; 
	text-align: justify;
}
.copyright{
	color: #666666; 
	font-size: 10px; 
	text-align: center; 
	width: 600px;
}
#downloadlink {
    width: 70%;
    color: #ed1c24;
    text-align: left;
}
#survey {
	color:#000000;
}
#survey a {
	color:#000000;
}
.results {
	background-color:#FFF;
	border: solid #CCC 1px;
	width: 100%;
}
.txtGrayMed {
	color:#666666;
	font-size: 81%;
}





  
  BuyCrash



    Thank you for your order.
  
    
      
        Receipt for Order
      
    
	
	    
      Last Name(s):
      HARRELL      
    
    
      Date of Incident:
      06/30/2022
    
    
      Location:
	  DIXIE HWY
    
    
    
      Jurisdiction:
      SHIVELY POLICE DEPARTMENT, KY
    
    
      Report Number:
      72778230
    
	
      Report Type:
      Accident Report
    
	
      Price for Report:
      $10.00
    
	
      Reference Number:
      
    
			
		  Purpose of Use:
		  Use in connection with a civil, criminal, administrative or arbitral proceeding
		
    		
			
	
	
    
      
      Purchasing Information
    
	
      Order Number:
      219898-058123
    
    
      Name:
      Sarena Tuttle
    
	
      Total Quantity: 
      1
    
    
      Total Amount: 
      $10.00
    
					
		  Payment Method:
		  Visa
		
						
		  Card or Account Number: 
		  xxxxxxxxxxxx4217
		
						
		  Expiration:
		  08/2025
		
		      
  Your access and use of this report and these services is subject to the  Terms and Conditions.
 
    To view your report, Sign In to LexisNexis® BuyCrash and select ?Downloaded Reports? link. Please note that you will only be able to download the purchased report until     10/06/2022.
 
 

Please do not reply to this automated message.  The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

Copyright  © 2022  LexisNexis Risk Solutions  | 
Privacy Policy 





The information contained in this e-mail message is intended only for the personal and confidential use of the recipient(s) named above. This message may be an attorney-client communication and/or work product and as such is privileged and confidential. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient or an agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this document in error and that any review, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by e-mail, and delete the original message.

## 11:01:55

__Fwd: New Voice Message from DIXIE CHIROPRAC (502) 449-5046 on 09/06/2022 10:52 AM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com) Sarena Tuttle
Cc: [JustinHarrellZ1890401@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JustinHarrellZ1890401@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 6 Sep 2022 11:01:38 -0400

Please provide PIP info if we have it.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Tue, Sep 6, 2022 at 10:52 AM
Subject: New Voice Message from DIXIE CHIROPRAC (502) 449-5046 on
09/06/2022 10:52 AM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* DIXIE CHIROPRAC (502) 449-5046
*Received:* Tuesday, September 06, 2022 at 10:52 AM
*Length:* 00:28
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hello, my name is Ingrid I'm calling from global Contracting. I was
calling on behalf of our patient your client Justin high rail and that's H
a R R E L L data accident 630-2022 and I was just wondering if you all had
any insurance information on him. If you could just give me a call back at
502-449-5046. Thank you."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
