---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-07-06"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-07-06

**Case:** [[cases/jeremy-wayne-priddy-wc-06-02-2021/jeremy-wayne-priddy-wc-06-02-2021|Jeremy Wayne Priddy WC 06/02/2021]]

## 13:35:54

Move to set up phase and assign to appropriate claim specialist

## 13:44:10

@stuttle Request WC File from Pamela at Travelers WC

## 14:45:41

__Jeremy Wayne Priddy v 310 Tempering - STE1129__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: PDTerry@travelers.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 6 Jul 2022 14:42:18 -0400

Good afternoon Pam,
    Thank you for taking a moment to speak with me in regards to Mr.
Priddy's workers' compensation claim. Please find attached our letter of
representation and request for a copy of your file to date. Please forward
the requested information to this email address within three (3) business
days for our review. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to
contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 365-9435
O: (502) 583-4022
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 14:44:11

Subsequent MVA 02/28/2022:
https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/project/1383924/activity

## 13:26:34

__Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Fax [faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com](mailto:faxwhaleylaw@gmail.com)
To: [TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com](mailto:TheWhaleyLawFirmX617@Louisvilleaccidentlawyer.Filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 6 Jul 2022 13:17:48 -0400

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 13:43:46

Client has a subsequent MVA that we represent him for - While filling out his Discovery Responses he advised of his WC injury from June 2021 - 400lb sheet of glass hit him in the abdomen results in a very large contusion that eventually lead to surgery - Will need to get WC File from Pamela w/Travelers Ins - Phone number on Discovery Responses #intake #investigation
