---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-17"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-17

**Case:** [[cases/timothy-pittman-mva-4-16-2023/timothy-pittman-mva-4-16-2023|Timothy Pittman MVA 4/16/2023]]

## 11:07:01

__Fwd: Progressive Insurance Claim 23-9280466 Your Client: Timothy Pitman__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [TimothyPittmanMVAZ3706257@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:TimothyPittmanMVAZ3706257@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Wed, 17 May 2023 11:06:42 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Brandi L Chappell-Haggard 
Date: Tue, May 16, 2023 at 3:07?PM
Subject: Progressive Insurance Claim 23-9280466 Your Client: Timothy Pitman
To: JESSA@WHALEYLAWFIRM.COM 


RE :

Your client  : Timothy Pitman

A review of this file indicates that we have been unable to make a
determination on liability, as the investigation is ongoing. At this time,
we are requesting a statement from your client to assist in making a
determination on liability. We anticipate the investigation will come to a
conclusion shortly after your client?s statement and will advise your
office of our decision immediately after the investigation has been
concluded.

Thank you for your professional courtesies in this matter. If you have any
questions or concerns, please contact the undersigned.



Thank you for working with Progressive!



[image: Claims logo]

*Brandi Chappell-Haggard*

PAAN Board Member

*Claims Specialist Intermediate*

[image: Diverse. Equitable. Inclusive]

9520 Ormsby Station Road Suite 200

Louisville, KY 40223

Office: 502-909-3656/Fax: 833-905-1745

Hours: Monday-Friday 7am-3:30pm EST

Email: brandi_l_chappell-haggard@progressive.com



   [image: Logo Description automatically generated with low confidence]


 Connect with PAAN on Yammer

| Join an ERG




?There is a difference between being arrogant about yourself as a person
and being confident that your work has some value. The first is
unattractive; the second is healthy and natural.? Jeffrey Zeldman




** All correspondence, including any e-mails we may receive from you, will
become a part of the permanent claims file.  *Please note:  Any time
sensitive requests including but not limited to demands should be sent via
facsimile or mail. ***




-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363
