---
schema_version: 2
date: "2025-04-17"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2025-04-17

**Case:** [[cases/lynn-lexime-mva-10-16-2023/lynn-lexime-mva-10-16-2023|Lynn Lexime MVA 10/16/2023]]

## 09:06:44

__Re: Update needed__
From: Lynn Lexime [lexime8719@gmail.com](mailto:lexime8719@gmail.com)
To: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: Lynn Lexime MVA 10/16/2023 - Filevine Project Email Address [LynnLeximeMVAZ4276088@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LynnLeximeMVAZ4276088@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu Apr 17 2025 09:06:31 GMT-04:00

Thank you so much for the update. It is greatly appreciated.
Lynn Lexime

On Thu, Apr 17, 2025, 8:59?AM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

> Lynn, I apologize for the delayed response. We closed this file last
> December. Aries was supposed to have sent you a letter. Unfortunately, Lyft
> did not get any information of the other driver so we have no way of
> pursuing the at fault party. We attempted to get uninsured motorist
> coverage through Lyft but they do not have that particular coverage and
> they provided a valid UM rejection letter. YOu don't have any household
> insurance policies to pursue so at the end of the day there just isn't
> anyone to go after.
>
> On Wed, Apr 16, 2025 at 4:55?PM Lynn Lexime  wrote:
>
>> Dear Mr. Whaley,
>>
>> It's almost a month since l sent you an email regarding an update my car
>> accident case from October 2023.
>>
>> It pains to me think that an update of my case bears no attention from
>> your office.  Have you lost the file?
>>
>> Again, l would appreciate a call back or an email.  Surely, customer
>> service isn't dead at the Whaley Law office?
>>
>> Lynn Lexime
>>
>>
>>
>> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
>> From: Lynn Lexime 
>> Date: Tue, Mar 18, 2025, 3:21?PM
>> Subject: Update needed
>> To: Whaley Law Firm 
>>
>>
>> Dear Mr.  Whaley,
>> In my 2nd accident case from October 2023, l have not been kept updated
>> as to the case.  Each call l receive a new representative ask me the same
>> question....Do l have insurance?  I am assuming they are talking about
>> automobile insurance.  It is my understanding that being in a Lyft as an
>> uninsured passenger is NOT  against KY law.  However, l cannot get current
>> information.
>>
>> I am not sure what the statue of limitations on such matters are, but l
>> am sure the clock is clicking. Please advise me where this case stands.
>>
>> Respectively
>> Lynn Saunders Lexime
>>
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> 
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 08:59:36

__Re: Update needed__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Lynn Lexime [lexime8719@gmail.com](mailto:lexime8719@gmail.com)
Cc: Lynn Lexime MVA 10/16/2023 - Filevine Project Email Address [LynnLeximeMVAZ4276088@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:LynnLeximeMVAZ4276088@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Thu Apr 17 2025 08:59:23 GMT-04:00

Lynn, I apologize for the delayed response. We closed this file last
December. Aries was supposed to have sent you a letter. Unfortunately, Lyft
did not get any information of the other driver so we have no way of
pursuing the at fault party. We attempted to get uninsured motorist
coverage through Lyft but they do not have that particular coverage and
they provided a valid UM rejection letter. YOu don't have any household
insurance policies to pursue so at the end of the day there just isn't
anyone to go after.

On Wed, Apr 16, 2025 at 4:55?PM Lynn Lexime  wrote:

> Dear Mr. Whaley,
>
> It's almost a month since l sent you an email regarding an update my car
> accident case from October 2023.
>
> It pains to me think that an update of my case bears no attention from
> your office.  Have you lost the file?
>
> Again, l would appreciate a call back or an email.  Surely, customer
> service isn't dead at the Whaley Law office?
>
> Lynn Lexime
>
>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Lynn Lexime 
> Date: Tue, Mar 18, 2025, 3:21?PM
> Subject: Update needed
> To: Whaley Law Firm 
>
>
> Dear Mr.  Whaley,
> In my 2nd accident case from October 2023, l have not been kept updated as
> to the case.  Each call l receive a new representative ask me the same
> question....Do l have insurance?  I am assuming they are talking about
> automobile insurance.  It is my understanding that being in a Lyft as an
> uninsured passenger is NOT  against KY law.  However, l cannot get current
> information.
>
> I am not sure what the statue of limitations on such matters are, but l am
> sure the clock is clicking. Please advise me where this case stands.
>
> Respectively
> Lynn Saunders Lexime
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
