---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-29"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-29

**Case:** [[cases/queen-huntsman-mva-6-19-18/queen-huntsman-mva-6-19-18|Queen Huntsman MVA 6/19/18]]

## 21:13:11

@joel7 Failed Back Surgery Syndrome

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK539777/

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4590097/

## 13:33:04

__Secure File Transfer from Louisville Metro Government RE: V21-1503__
From: Metro Secure File Transfer  [svc_GoAnywhere@louisvilleky.gov](mailto:svc_GoAnywhere@louisvilleky.gov)
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 29 Nov 2022 12:07:46 -0500



Secure Delivery 
The following file(s) have been sent to you from jason.horn@louisvilleky.gov 
Maybody-Redacted.mp4 3.13 GB 
Download Files 
 
The secure message expires on 12/29/22 12:07:45 PM 
If the link above does not open, please copy and paste the following URL 
into your browser:
https://sft.louisvilleky.gov/pkg?token=27970ca6-10be-45e1-adf0-69d2e8328db5 
Powered by GoAnywhere  


The information contained in this communication from the sender is 
confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others 
authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in 
relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may 
be unlawful.

## 11:52:54

Left v/m for client to call me. (Joel)

## 11:24:51

__Huntsman Mediation Summary__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Joel Franklin  [joel@franklininjury.com](mailto:joel@franklininjury.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2022 10:20:30 -0500

Hey Joel,
    Here are the numbers on Huntsman. I also included a list of EMS runs
and what they were related to for reference. I'm still working on Raymond &
the ICD codes. Let me know if there is something specific you would like.
Maybe last prior MRI & New MRI reports??

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)
