---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-01-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-01-31

**Case:** [[cases/makiya-gibson-mva-7-22-21/makiya-gibson-mva-7-22-21|Makiya Gibson MVA 7/22/21]]

## 17:43:16

__Fwd: Makaya Gibson MVA 7/22/21__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com) Justin Chumbley, [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessica Bottorff
Cc: [MakiyaGibsonMVAZ954709@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MakiyaGibsonMVAZ954709@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 31 Jan 2022 16:43:02 -0500

Check on this. We only have Aptiva so not sure how benefits exhausted.


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: April Mullins 
Date: Mon, Jan 31, 2022 at 3:52 PM
Subject: Makaya Gibson MVA 7/22/21
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com <
agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com>


Good Afternoon,



I just wanted to follow up on status of her case. We have been made aware
that her benefits are exhausted. She currently has a balance of $5375 with
our office. I have included a copy of her itemization for your review.



Thank you,





*April Mullins*

A/R Specialist & Attorney Liaison



*PHONE:*

*EMAIL:*

*WEB:*

*ADDRESS:*









502-909-0772

amullins@aptivahealth.com

aptivahealth.com

3615 Newburg Road

Louisville, KY 40218









***This e-mail, and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by
the addressee(s) named herein and may contain legally privileged and/or
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient of this
e-mail (or the person responsible for delivering this document to the
intended recipient), you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
distribution, printing or copying of this e-mail, and any attachment
thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error,
please respond to the individual sending the message, and permanently
delete the original and any copy of any e-mail and printout thereof.**




-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
