---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-02-15"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-02-15

**Case:** [[cases/nicaylah-bell-mva-12-31-2021/nicaylah-bell-mva-12-31-2021|Nicaylah Bell MVA 12/31/2021]]

## 10:39:34

Have we begun PIP for Nicaylah Bell?

## 11:12:36

__RE:  Nicaylah Bell Claim# Claim#:048039600-01__
From: Diesness, David [DAVID.DIESNESS@LibertyMutual.com](mailto:DAVID.DIESNESS@LibertyMutual.com)
To: [heather@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:heather@whaleylawfirm.com) Heather Talty, [NicaylahBellZ1038541@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:NicaylahBellZ1038541@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Cc: [Roderick.Crawford@libertymutual.com](mailto:Roderick.Crawford@libertymutual.com) Crawford, Roderick
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2022 15:12:27 +0000

[cid:image003.jpg@01D08F08.4657BD90]
[cid:image003.jpg@01D08F08.4657BD90]

Good Morning,
I'm the injury adjuster for Ms. Bell's case. I've CC'd the property damage adjuster, Roderick Crawford, on this email so that he can look into your concerns further.

Roderick, please see the below email from Ms. Bell's attorney.

Thank you for trusting Safeco. I look forward to assisting you.

Sincerely,
David Diesness


________________________________
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fecc16717d67067e/m/1/Laptop+Icon_3x.png]
Track your claim anytime, anywhere with your online account.
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_Clipboard_3x.png]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_Dollar_3x.png]
[http://image.email-libertymutual.com/lib/fe5615707d6d0d747717/m/1/Icon_person_3x.png]
View claim
status
Check payment
information
View your Claims
Representative's
information
[Login  ?]<https://eclaims.safeco.com/selection> 048039600},{Exposure-Number : 01},{Category : Manual Outbound E-Mail},{Description : undefined},{Template-Id : BIFREEFORM_SF}]

Policy Underwritten by Safeco Insurance Company of Illinois
©2022 Liberty Mutual Insurance. This email was sent by: Safeco Insurance Company of America, 1001 4thAve, Seattle,
WA 98154, with a principle place of business in Boston, MA. Safeco Insurance Company of America and/or its affiliates is licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.



David Diesness
Claims Resolution Specialist II
Liberty Mutual Insurance / Safeco Insurance
PO Box 5014
Scranton, PA 18505-5014
Direct Dial: 630-393-4956
Fax: 800-593-3597

All Liberty Mutual Claims Employees are currently working from home to protect themselves and others. For faster claims processing, we strongly encourage you to send all correspondence by email or Sharefile.


For the fastest service during normal business hours, ask me how we can message via 2-way Text!?

[Email signature 1.png]
Access your claim through the Claim Self Service at http://www.libertymutual.com/customer-service/online-account

To learn more about Liberty Mutual’s privacy policy, go to www.libertymutual.com/privacy.

If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this email, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this email in error, please notify me via return email and via telephone at 800-838-7103 and permanently delete the original and any copy of any email, attachment, and any printout thereof. Thank you.

From: Heather Talty 
Sent: Tuesday, February 15, 2022 8:49 AM
To: Diesness, David ; NicaylahBellZ1038541@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com
Subject: {EXTERNAL} Nicaylah Bell Claim# 048039600-01

David,
I am inquiring about Nicaylah's vehicle. She stated she does not know if her vehicle is fixable or not. She stated that has been attempting to contact you regarding this matter and has been unable to reach you. If you could follow up with me on the status of the vehicle, it would be greatly appreciated.
Also, please let me know if there is any information still needed in order to move forward with this claim.

Thank You,
Heather Talty
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
(502)583-4022

## 10:49:43

__Nicaylah Bell Claim# 048039600-01__
From: Heather Talty [heather@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:heather@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [David.Diesness@libertymutual.com](mailto:David.Diesness@libertymutual.com) Diesness, David, [NicaylahBellZ1038541@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:NicaylahBellZ1038541@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2022 09:49:23 -0500

David,
I am inquiring about Nicaylah's vehicle. She stated she does not know if
her vehicle is fixable or not. She stated that has been attempting to
contact you regarding this matter and has been unable to reach you. If you
could follow up with me on the status of the vehicle, it would be greatly
appreciated.
Also, please let me know if there is any information still needed in order
to move forward with this claim.

Thank You,
Heather Talty
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
(502)583-4022

## 03:46:22

Check and see if we know what insurance is on the car Nicaylah Bell was in. If so add company to Insurance tab and begin Taskflow for that company. If not check report. Check with client.
