---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-03-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-03-27

**Case:** [[cases/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020|Cathy Emonz PI 10/27/2020]]

## 10:52:29

__Cathy Emonz - 01/02/1969 - Certified Medical Records & Billing__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: ULHHIMROI@uoflhealth.org 
CC:  
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2023 10:51:31 -0400

Good morning,
     On March 16, 2023, our office requested Certified Medical Records &
Billing on the above referenced client. This morning we received a 40 page
set of records, which we greatly appreciate, however, there was no
certification or billing attached. Please forward a certification page &
the related billing as soon as possible. We have attached the original
request & the records we received for your reference.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)

## 10:52:15

Recvd ULP Eye Specialist CMRs - EMR - No Certification Page or Billing Attached - Sent Follow up email requesting both #CMR #CMB #CRR

## 10:28:31

__New Fax Message from UNIV LOUISVILLE (502) 588-9500 on 03/27/2023 10:28 AM__
From: RingCentral [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: [fax@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:fax@whaleylawfirm.com) Fax Line
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2023 14:28:08 +0000 (UTC)





    




    


    

    



    
    
        
            
            
	
		
			
				
			
			
				
			
		
		
			
                
                    
                
            
			
				
					Fax Message
				
			
		
	



            

            
                
                    
                        
                            
                            
                                Dear Fax Line,
                                You have a new fax message:

                            

                            
                            
                                
                                    From:
                                    UNIV LOUISVILLE (502) 588-9500
                                
                                
                                    Received:
                                    Monday, March 27, 2023 at 10:28 AM
                                
                                
                                    Pages:
                                    40
                                
                                
                                    To:
                                    (502) 364-9363 (Fax Line)
                                
                            
                            
                            
                                
                                    
                                        To view this message, open the attachment or use
                                        
                                            
                                        
                                        RingCentral app to have instant access to all your messages on the go.
                                    
                                
                            
                            
                            Thank you for using RingCentral!

                        
                    
                
            

            
            

            
                
                    
    
    
        
            
                
                
                    
                        Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one app. Get started
                    
                
                
            
        
    
    


                
            

            
 
 

     
     
     
 
		
			
				
					By subscribing to and/or
                        using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
                        our Terms of Use. 
                        
                        Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights
                        reserved. RingCentral is a registered trademark
                        of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive,
                        Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 10:26:52

Recvd Baptist Health CMR & CMB - $47,966.32 #CMR #CMB

## 10:11:45

__You've been added to a workspace__
From: Baptist Health EFT Server  [autonotification.baptisteft@bhsi.com](mailto:autonotification.baptisteft@bhsi.com)
To:  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 27 Mar 2023 06:59:30 -0400

        Greetings Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com,

BAPTIST HEALTH has invited you to a shared folder called Emonz, Cathy 145250514. If this is your first time accessing https://baptistftp.bhsi.com, you will be required to setup a password for your account. Please use the email address this message was sent to as your Username.

The invitation to view this shared folder will expire if not verified within 30 days of receipt. Please use the View Folder link below to verify your access and view the shared files.

View Folder

Message from sender:
Emonz, C 145250514

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

**THIS IS AN AUTOMATED MESSAGE!**
Please respond to this email with support issues or questions. Support responses may take up to 5 business days to be returned. We recommend you direct any questions regarding the information shared with you to the department at Baptist Health that you originally contacted.

Please review the following Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link for further information on accessing files from Baptist Health EFT.
Baptist Health EFT FAQs

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This transmission may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and/or exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, please delete this message and you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

Baptist Health will never send emails that require you to send account or personal information to us via public email or pop-up windows.



This email, facsimile, or letter and any files or attachments transmitted with it contains information that is confidential and proprietary. This information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) and entity(ies) to whom it is addressed. If you are the intended recipient, further disclosures are prohibited without proper authorization. If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, printing, or use of this information is strictly prohibited and possibly a violation of federal or state law. If you have received this information in error, please notify Baptist Health immediately at 502.855.8293 or via email to the sender.
