---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-01"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-01

**Case:** [[cases/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020/cathy-emonz-pi-10-27-2020|Cathy Emonz PI 10/27/2020]]

## 19:33:23

@joel7 @aaronw Client called to check in - Trial is set for July 18, 2023 - Is there something I need to make sure is done?

## 19:32:02

__New Voice Message from EMONZ KITTY     (502) 435-8511 on 01/30/2023 12:45 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 30 Jan 2023 17:45:40 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* EMONZ KITTY (502) 435-8511 
*Received:* Monday, January 30, 2023 at 12:45 PM 
*Length:* 00:47 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena, this is Cathy and then my phone number is 502-435-8511. I'm 
just calling to see if there's been any any changes or anything that I need 
to know about I believe we spoke several months ago and we were waiting for 
a court. Date, so just just kind of checking in seeing if anything has 
changed if there's been any anything new and if you could give me a call 
back I would appreciate it again Cathy M N E M O N G 502-435-8511. Thank 
you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
