---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-02"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-02

**Case:** [[cases/shereka-chappell-mva-8-1-2023/shereka-chappell-mva-8-1-2023|Shereka Chappell MVA 8/1/2023]]

## 14:44:48

__Fwd: FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [SherekaChappellMVAZ3868988@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:SherekaChappellMVAZ3868988@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 2 Oct 2023 14:44:37 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: 
Date: Mon, Oct 2, 2023 at 2:40?PM
Subject: FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office
To: Jessa Galosmo , Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag <
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com>
Cc: Aaron Whaley 


Anyone recognize which client this belongs to?

Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax 
Sent: Monday, October 2, 2023 2:24 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

        http://www.adobe.com/

## 14:44:27

__Re: FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com) Jessa Galosmo, [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Date: Mon, 2 Oct 2023 14:43:27 -0400

It is for one of my clients, Ms. Shereka Chappell. This is noted. Thank
you, Justin.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363
coleen@whaleylawfirm.com

On Mon, Oct 2, 2023 at 2:40?PM  wrote:

> Anyone recognize which client this belongs to?
>
> Justin Chumbley
> Whaley Law Firm
> Ph: (502)583-4022
> Fax: (502)364-9363
>
> -----Original Message-----
> From: Fax 
> Sent: Monday, October 2, 2023 2:24 PM
> To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
> Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office
>
> Reply to: Fax 
> Device Name: Whaley Law Office
> Device Model: MX-M3070
> Location: Not Set
>
> File Format: PDF (Medium)
> Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi
>
> Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
> Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
> to view the document.
> Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
> Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
> registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
> United States and other countries.
>
>         http://www.adobe.com/
>

## 08:07:21

__Fwd: Information about your claim 23-00-398069__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [SherekaChappellMVAZ3868988@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:SherekaChappellMVAZ3868988@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 2 Oct 2023 08:07:20 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Mobilitas Insurance Support 
Date: Sun, Oct 1, 2023 at 1:59?PM
Subject: Information about your claim 23-00-398069
To: 


Claim information is
attached ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?

[image: mobilitas]

<#m_-81036591425562339_>

<#m_-81036591425562339_>


Claim Information


The attached document is related to Mobilitas Insurance claim 23-00-398069.

Claim Information
Claim number
23-00-398069
Insured
FELIX BARROSO COMAS
Date of incident
August 1, 2023
*Questions?*

Marissa Colatrella
Claims Representative
work


[image: mobilitas]

PO Box 23180, Oakland, CA 94623

877.268.1408

Mobilitas Insurance is underwritten by
Mobilitas Insurance Company.

EAF CIN XX 07 21 - Claim Information
