---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-13

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-jenkins-wc-04-28-2022/kimberly-jenkins-wc-04-28-2022|Kimberly Jenkins WC 04/28/2022]]

## 10:04:09

__Automatic reply: [External] Claim: KY FWZ 2722 Kimberly Jenkins v Crumble Cookies - No Direct Contact Reminder__
From: "Talley, Monica"  [MTALLEY2@travelers.com](mailto:MTALLEY2@travelers.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2024 13:48:58 +0000

You have reached the email box of Monica Talley in the Tennessee Ohio Valley Claim Center of Travelers. I am currently out of the office and I will have no access to my email. I will return on March 18,2024

If you need immediate assistance, please call 800-342-4064 and ask to be connected with one of my colleagues, or call my number and press 0 and someone will help you.

*****

If you are an injured employee, register at https://signin.travelers.com
 to access your detailed payment and claim information and to communicate with your Claim or Medical Professional.

If you are an agent or broker, you can get detailed claim information via Travelers for Agents and Brokers at Travelers.com/ForAgents.

For a medical bill matter, please contact our Provider Inquiry Center at 877-228-2758.


________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201

## 10:03:11

__Automatic reply: [External] Claim: KY FWZ 2722 Kimberly Jenkins v Crumble Cookies - No Direct Contact Reminder__
From: "Creasman, Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2024 13:49:00 +0000

Creasman, Natalie Phifer is currently out of the office. I will have no access to my email or voicemail. If your matter is urgent, please call my number 615-660-6294 and then press 0 to speak with one of my co-workers. I will return on 3/14/24. Thank you!
________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201

## 09:56:26

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.03.13 Advised WC that we advised DC 02.23 that Client has been released from Tx - Awaiting DME Information
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Travelers Workers Compensation
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 09:52:07

__Re: [External] Claim: KY FWZ 2722 Kimberly Jenkins v Crumble Cookies - No Direct Contact Reminder__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Creasman ,  Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  "Lyn D. Powers"  [LDP@fdp.legal](mailto:LDP@fdp.legal),  "Talley ,  Monica"  [MTALLEY2@travelers.com](mailto:MTALLEY2@travelers.com),  "bryce@whaleylawfirm.com"  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2024 09:48:34 -0400

Good morning Natalie & Mrs. Powers,
      We advised Mrs. Powers that Mrs. Jenkins was released from treatment
on or about February 23, 2024 and inquired about whether her office
intended to schedule an independent medical exam. However, we have
received no response or acknowledgement of said email. Mrs. Jenkins has
been back to work for some time now and would like to get this
matter resolved as soon as possible.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Mon, Mar 11, 2024 at 9:45?AM Creasman, Natalie Phifer <
NCREASMA@travelers.com> wrote:

> Good Morning again!
>
>
>
> Dr Huff released Ms Jenkins to full duty 2/12/24 for the shoulder.
>
> Did she return to work 2/12/24? If so, was it full duty or light duty?
>
> ( is she still on restrictions for her neck/Dr Hunt?)
>
>
>
> Thanks so much!!!
>
>
>
> Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
>
> *Natalie Creasman, RN *| *Medical Professional *| *Work Comp Dept *
>
> W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
>
> *Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center*
>
> PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
>
> If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at
> CSloat@travelers.com
>
>
>
>      
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
>
>
>
>
> ------------------------------
> This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential,
> proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is
> intended to be for thttp://twitter.com/Travelersentity designated above. If
> you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the
> sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any
> disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any
> attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is
> prohibited.
>
> TRVDiscDefault::1201
>

## 09:51:09

__RE: [External] Claim: KY FWZ 2722 Kimberly Jenkins v Crumble Cookies - No Direct Contact Reminder__
From: "Creasman, Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "Lyn D. Powers"  [LDP@fdp.legal](mailto:LDP@fdp.legal),  "Talley ,  Monica"  [MTALLEY2@travelers.com](mailto:MTALLEY2@travelers.com),  "bryce@whaleylawfirm.com"  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 2024 13:45:26 +0000

Good Morning again!

Dr Huff released Ms Jenkins to full duty 2/12/24 for the shoulder.
Did she return to work 2/12/24? If so, was it full duty or light duty?
( is she still on restrictions for her neck/Dr Hunt?)

Thanks so much!!!

Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
Natalie Creasman, RN | Medical Professional | Work Comp Dept
W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center
PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at CSloat@travelers.com

[cid:image001.png@01DA7390.750270B0]     [cid:image002.png@01DA7390.750270B0]    [cid:image003.png@01DA7390.750270B0]    [cid:image004.png@01DA7390.750270B0]    [cid:image005.png@01DA7390.750270B0]    [cid:image006.png@01DA7390.750270B0]    [cid:image007.png@01DA7390.750270B0] 


________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201

## 09:49:51

__RE: [External] Claim: KY FWZ 2722 Kimberly Jenkins v Crumble Cookies - No Direct Contact Reminder__
From: "Creasman, Natalie Phifer"  [NCREASMA@travelers.com](mailto:NCREASMA@travelers.com)
To: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com),  Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: "Lyn D. Powers"  [LDP@fdp.legal](mailto:LDP@fdp.legal),  "Talley ,  Monica"  [MTALLEY2@travelers.com](mailto:MTALLEY2@travelers.com),  "bryce@whaleylawfirm.com"  [bryce@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:bryce@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 2024 13:14:29 +0000

Good Morning!

Ms Jenkins has an appt 4/9, I believe with Dr Huff for her shoulder.
She has not seen Dr Hunt for her neck since 10/31/23.
She is not MMI for the neck. She is still on restrictions from Dr Hunt.
Has she set up an appt with Dr Hunt?
If so, please let us know when the appt will be.
If not, do you want us to set up the Dr Hunt appt for her?

Thanks so much!!!

Natalie Creasman BSN, RN, CCM
Natalie Creasman, RN | Medical Professional | Work Comp Dept
W: 615.660.6294    F: 877.786.5582
Travelers  Tennessee-Ohio Valley Claim Center
PO Box 660456 | Dallas, TX 75266-0456
If further assistance is required, please contact my manager at CSloat@travelers.com

[cid:image001.png@01DA738C.21F94190]     [cid:image002.png@01DA738C.21F94190]    [cid:image003.png@01DA738C.21F94190]    [cid:image004.png@01DA738C.21F94190]    [cid:image005.png@01DA738C.21F94190]    [cid:image006.png@01DA738C.21F94190]    [cid:image007.png@01DA738C.21F94190] 

________________________________
This message (including any attachments) may contain confidential, proprietary, privileged and/or private information. The information is intended to be for the use of the individual or entity designated above. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please notify the sender immediately, and delete the message and any attachments. Any disclosure, reproduction, distribution or other use of this message or any attachments by an individual or entity other than the intended recipient is prohibited.

TRVDiscDefault::1201
