---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-19

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-jenkins-wc-04-28-2022/kimberly-jenkins-wc-04-28-2022|Kimberly Jenkins WC 04/28/2022]]

## 15:50:45

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 15:50:44

__New Voice Message from Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 on 03/19/2024 3:24 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 19 Mar 2024 19:24:48 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 
*Received:* Tuesday, March 19, 2024 at 3:24 PM 
*Length:* 00:24 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Sarena, this is Kim Jenkins. I am just calling to touch base to see 
how everything is progressing. I actually was wondering what the next step 
is going to be. You call. That would be wonderful. Thank you. Have a great 
day." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 15:49:55

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM - Checking In - Would like to know the next steps - Sending to BK to Return Call 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: March 19 2024
