---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-03"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-03

**Case:** [[cases/teressa-mitchell-mva-4-10-2021/teressa-mitchell-mva-4-10-2021|Teressa Mitchell MVA 4/10/2021]]

## 10:51:57

Recvd Answer to Complaint & Request for WORD Version of Disc Req PP Def Grubb - Emailed to Kym Pelfyer #Lit #DiscReq

## 10:35:12

__Re: Mitchell, Teressa L. v. Laymon N. Grubb: - Request for Word version of Discovery__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: kmpelfrey@kopkalaw.com 
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Wed, 3 May 2023 10:34:38 -0400

Good morning Kym,
   Please find the requested WORD Version of the Discovery Request in
Mitchell v Grubb. If you have any questions or need anything else, please
feel free to contact us.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Tue, May 2, 2023 at 1:40?PM Aaron Whaley 
wrote:

>
>
> ---------- Forwarded message ---------
> From: Kymberli M. Pelfrey 
> Date: Tue, May 2, 2023 at 1:32?PM
> Subject: Mitchell, Teressa L. v. Laymon N. Grubb: - Request for Word
> version of Discovery
> To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com <
> agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com>
> Cc: Angela B. Franklin , Heather M. McCollum <
> hmmccollum@kopkalaw.com>
>
>
> Good afternoon,
>
> I see that Interrogatories and Requests for Production of Documents were
> served with Complaint in the above-referenced case. We have filed an Answer
> to the Complaint as of today’s date. Would you be so kind as to provide a
> Word version of the discovery requests so we may begin preparing the
> responses?
>
> Thank you,
>
>
>
>
>
> *Kym Pelfrey* | Legal Assistant
> [image: KOPKA PINKUS DOLIN PC] 
>
> 301 East Main Street, Suite 400
> Lexington, KY 40507
> *T: *859.368.8999 | *F: *859.368.8772
>
> *Offices in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky Michigan and Wisconsin*
>
> *website* | *vCard*
>  |
> *map*
> 
> | *email* 
>
>
>
> [image: A picture containing text Description automatically generated]
> [image: A picture
> containing text Description automatically generated]
> 
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> Note: This e-mail may contain confidential information. If you have
> received this e-mail without being the proper recipient, you are hereby
> notified that any review, copying or distribution of it is strictly
> prohibited. Please inform us immediately and destroy the original
> transmittal. Please visit www.kopkalaw.com for other information
> concerning our firm
>
>
> ------------------------------
> This email has been scanned for email related threats and delivered safely
> by Mimecast.
>
>
> --
> Aaron Whaley
> Whaley Law Firm
> 712 Lyndon Ln
> Louisville, KY 40222
> 502-583-4022
>
>

## 10:22:31

__Fwd: Mitchell, Teressa L. v. Laymon N. Grubb: - Request for Word version of Discovery__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 2 May 2023 13:39:54 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Kymberli M. Pelfrey 
Date: Tue, May 2, 2023 at 1:32?PM
Subject: Mitchell, Teressa L. v. Laymon N. Grubb: - Request for Word
version of Discovery
To: agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com <
agwhaley@louisville-accident-lawyer.com>
Cc: Angela B. Franklin , Heather M. McCollum <
hmmccollum@kopkalaw.com>


Good afternoon,

I see that Interrogatories and Requests for Production of Documents were
served with Complaint in the above-referenced case. We have filed an Answer
to the Complaint as of today’s date. Would you be so kind as to provide a
Word version of the discovery requests so we may begin preparing the
responses?

Thank you,





*Kym Pelfrey* | Legal Assistant
[image: KOPKA PINKUS DOLIN PC] 

301 East Main Street, Suite 400
Lexington, KY 40507
*T: *859.368.8999 | *F: *859.368.8772

*Offices in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky Michigan and Wisconsin*

*website* | *vCard*
 |
*map*

| *email* 



[image: A picture containing text Description automatically generated]
[image: A picture
containing text Description automatically generated]









Note: This e-mail may contain confidential information. If you have
received this e-mail without being the proper recipient, you are hereby
notified that any review, copying or distribution of it is strictly
prohibited. Please inform us immediately and destroy the original
transmittal. Please visit www.kopkalaw.com for other information concerning
our firm


------------------------------
This email has been scanned for email related threats and delivered safely
by Mimecast.


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 10:06:15

__NCP JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-001952, MITCHELL, TERESSA L VS. GRUBB, LAYMON N Envelope # 5945088__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com ,  Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 2 May 2023 13:32:53 -0400

 Notification of Court Processing

The circuit clerk has processed and ACCEPTED the following filing.

Date and Time Processed: May 02, 2023 at 1:31PM Eastern

eFiler: HEATHER M MCCOLLUM (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: MITCHELL, TERESSA L VS. GRUBB, LAYMON N

Case Number: 23-CI-001952

Envelope Number: 5945088

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
McCollum, Heather M - hmmccollum@kopkalaw.com

Scheduled Event:
No scheduled events

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ANSWER

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=F25106B3-8C18-45BB-95AF-D38DA2DE9EB6

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.

## 10:00:10

Recvd Answer to Complaint #Lit #Answer

## 09:57:08

__NEF, JEFFERSON Circuit 23-CI-001952, MITCHELL, TERESSA L VS. GRUBB, LAYMON N Envelope # 5945088__
From: noreply@kycourts.net
To: AGWHALEY@whaleylawfirm.com ,  SARENA@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: 2 May 2023 12:58:53 -0400

 Notice of Electronic Filing

Date and Time of Filing: May 02, 2023 at 12:58PM Eastern

eFiler: HEATHER M MCCOLLUM (ATTORNEY FOR DEFENDANT)

Court: JEFFERSON Circuit (CIRCUIT )

Case Caption: MITCHELL, TERESSA L VS. GRUBB, LAYMON N

Case Number: 23-CI-001952

Envelope Number: 5945088

Notice has been electronically mailed to:

Whaley, Aaron Gregory - agwhaley@WhaleyLawFirm.com
McCollum, Heather M - hmmccollum@kopkalaw.com

The following document(s) were included in this eFiling:
ANSWER: ANSWER TO COMPLAINT

You may view the document(s) at 
https://kcoj.kycourts.net/eFilingRetrieval/Home/Package?id=F25106B3-8C18-45BB-95AF-D38DA2DE9EB6

This was automatically generated by the Kentucky Court of Justice eFiling 
system.  Do not reply to this email. 
 
Kentucky Court of Justice Confidentiality Notice

This message and/or attachment is intended only for the addressee and may 
contain information that is privileged, confidential and/or proprietary 
work product. If you are not the intended recipient, or an authorized 
employee, agent or representative of the intended recipient, do not read, 
copy, retain or disseminate this message or any attachment. Do not forward 
this message and attachment without the express written consent of the 
sender. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and delete all copies of the message and any attachment. 
Transmission or misdelivery shall not constitute waiver of any applicable 
legal privilege.
