---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-12"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-12

**Case:** [[cases/erin-mccoy-mva-6-30-2022/erin-mccoy-mva-6-30-2022|Erin McCoy MVA 6/30/2022]]

## 17:54:13

__Re: Allstate Claim:0687971036 Ervin McCoy & Alexis Paszert__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: claims@claims.allstate.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 12 Oct 2022 17:53:02 -0400

Good morning Nicole,
   Thank you for the email. Mrs. Faye, our Client Liaison, will reach out
to Mrs. Puszert to schedule a recorded statement. Would you also like a
recorded statement from Mrs. McCoy at the same time?
    Please find attached the requested Completed PIP Application for both
Clients as well as the Insurance verification documents from Falcon
Insurance. If you need anything further, please do not hesitate to reach
out.

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


On Wed, Oct 12, 2022 at 5:11 PM  wrote:

> Hello Sarena Tuttle,
>
> Please see attached Allstate acknowledgment letter for your client's Ervin
> McCoy & Alexis Paszert and the information that is still outstanding.
>
> NICOLE BALDWIN
> Allstate Claims
> Phone: (866) 575-4363 x2779538
> Fax: (608) 373-7383
> claims@claims.allstate.com
>
>
> CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments,
> may contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely
> for use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the
> intended addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or
> copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message
> in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from
> your system.
>
> **** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID ****
>
> *** Conversation ID: FR8df5317149ea4b ***

## 17:17:54

__Allstate Claim:0687971036 Ervin McCoy & Alexis Paszert__
From: claims@claims.allstate.com
To: sarena@whaleylawfirm.com 
CC:  
Date: Wed, 12 Oct 2022 16:11:14 -0500 (CDT)

Hello Sarena Tuttle, 

Please see attached Allstate acknowledgment letter for your client's Ervin 
McCoy & Alexis Paszert and the information that is still outstanding.

NICOLE BALDWIN
Allstate Claims
Phone: (866) 575-4363 x2779538
Fax: (608) 373-7383
claims@claims.allstate.com


CONFIDENTIALITY/PRIVACY NOTICE: This e-mail, including any attachments, may 
contain personal, private and confidential information intended solely for 
use by the individual to whom it is addressed. If you are not the intended 
addressee, please be aware that any dissemination, distribution or copying 
of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in 
error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail and delete from your 
system.

**** Please do not delete your unique Conversation ID **** 

*** Conversation ID: FR8df5317149ea4b ***
