---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-18"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-18

**Case:** [[cases/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020|Charles T. Breckinridge WC 05/17/2020]]

## 09:44:31

@stuttle Take a look at the new wage information for client. Is he making more now than he was?

## 13:49:19

Playing phone tag w/ Mike at E&B - Returned his call - LVM #Provider

## 13:49:13

__New Voice Message from ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 587-1236 on 10/18/2022 1:37 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 18 Oct 2022 17:38:51 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 587-1236 
*Received:* Tuesday, October 18, 2022 at 1:37 PM 
*Length:* 00:29 
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Excuse me, I'm sorry about that bank. Good afternoon miss Serena. This is 
Mike from Alison houses orthopedic, giving you a call on patient Charles 
Breckenridge, you didn't leave the date of birth, but I believe is 310-1960 
if you would please give me a call back once you get this message number is 
502-587-1236 and I'm at extension 2344. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 12:47:41

Recvd E&B VM - Called E&B about Diagnostic Surgery again - Awaiting call back #TxStatus
