---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-10-19"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-10-19

**Case:** [[cases/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020|Charles T. Breckinridge WC 05/17/2020]]

## 12:14:13

Still playing phone tag w/E&B - Mike is very responsive, just keeps calling while on the phone or away from desk - Continuing to return call #provider

## 12:13:09

__New Voice Message from ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 587-1236 on 10/19/2022 11:51 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 19 Oct 2022 15:51:49 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* ELLIS & BADENHA (502) 587-1236 
*Received:* Wednesday, October 19, 2022 at 11:51 AM 
*Length:* 00:27 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Miss Serena this is really finding this is Mike from Alison nine houses 
orthopedic. I figured I'd just call you directly and just not available and 
I'm pretty sure if you call me back, I'm probably won't be available just 
call me back the second you get this message number 502-587-1236, and 
extension 2344. Thank you bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
