---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-06-27"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-06-27

**Case:** [[cases/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020|Charles T. Breckinridge WC 05/17/2020]]

## 13:44:05

Good afternoon Chuck, I did receive your voicemail. Yes, please forward a copy of the document you received and we will take a look at it and from there.

## 13:12:10

__New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (502) 714-3399 on 06/27/2022 12:59 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 27 Jun 2022 16:59:57 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (502) 714-3399 
*Received:* Monday, June 27, 2022 at 12:59 PM 
*Length:* 00:39 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, Serena. This is chuck. I went to my mailbox today and they gave me 
another one of those claims people climb appeal forms and that I was 
wondering if I could fax it to you and let you look over for me, you know a 
number of fax number is still the same. Let me know if it's changed or you 
know, so I could send it to me that you check it out. My number is 
502-714-3399. Please add a callback." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.

## 11:24:26

Recvd call from Client - He is not receiving payment from LTD or WC - He feels he should still be receiving LTD but stated they discontinued payment since he is 'no longer under a doctor's care' though he is still receiving medication under the doctor's care - Advised Client to call his LTD adjuster and speak with her and/or have her give us a call - Also discussed DC filing of Rueff Questionnaire Answers giving a 4% wpi and agreeing with FCE - Advised will reach out to DC and see if they are going to rely on Rueff statement or if they are sending for DME and will let him know. #cc #LTD
