---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-01-22"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-01-22

**Case:** [[cases/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020/charles-t-breckinridge-wc-05-17-2020|Charles T. Breckinridge WC 05/17/2020]]

## 10:17:14

__New Insurance Note:__ 2024.01.22 Recvd Client - Needs to Upd Direct Deposit - Fwd'd Email to WC Adj
__Insurance Type:__ Workers' Compensation (WC)
__Insurance Company:__ Sedgwick
__Written by:__ Sarena Tuttle
 #Inotes

## 10:15:38

__Fwd: Direct Deposit change__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: "Earls ,  Katherine"  [Katherine.Earls@sedgwick.com](mailto:Katherine.Earls@sedgwick.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 22 Jan 2024 09:04:15 -0500

Good Morning Katherine,
     Our office received the attached email over the weekend from our
mutual client, Charles Breckinridge, Claim 30205254698-0001. Please contact
Mr. Breckinridge directly to update his banking information and re-issue
any overdue payments. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to
contact us directly to discuss them in further detail.

Sarena M. Tuttle
Litigation Paralegal &
Workers' Compensation Case Manager
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: charles breckinridge 
Date: Sat, Jan 20, 2024 at 9:40?PM
Subject: Direct Deposit change
To: Sarena Tuttle 


I switched banks and have a new direct deposit account.
I needed to change my account from Sedgwick to my new account so I went to
this online www.claimlookup.com and signed in on my account to make the
necessary changes.
When I went to where you make direct deposit information it wouldn't
except, it kept kicking  me out.
So I went to their chat and asked how to make direct deposit changes and it
told me since I was represented by a lawyer that my lawyer had to make the
changes.
I haven't received my pay this week.

## 10:15:21

__Direct Deposit change__
From: charles breckinridge  [charlesbreckinridge7@gmail.com](mailto:charlesbreckinridge7@gmail.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Sat, 20 Jan 2024 21:40:16 -0500

I switched banks and have a new direct deposit account.
I needed to change my account from Sedgwick to my new account so I went to
this online www.claimlookup.com and signed in on my account to make the
necessary changes.
When I went to where you make direct deposit information it wouldn't
except, it kept kicking  me out.
So I went to their chat and asked how to make direct deposit changes and it
told me since I was represented by a lawyer that my lawyer had to make the
changes.
I haven't received my pay this week.

## 10:09:36

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
