---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-21"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-21

**Case:** [[cases/nochia-weaver-mva-10-15-2022/nochia-weaver-mva-10-15-2022|Nochia Weaver MVA 10/15/2022]]

## 11:06:45

__Fwd: Nochia Weaver__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com)
Cc: [NochiaWeaverZ2246470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:NochiaWeaverZ2246470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 21 Nov 2022 10:06:27 -0500

Make sure Shelter has a PIP App. I assume you sent one with the letter of
rep. If not, please complete one and send. Once you have either sent a PIP
App or confirmed they have it let Star know. Thanks.

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Starisha Curry 
Date: Mon, Nov 21, 2022 at 10:00 AM
Subject: Re: Nochia Weaver
To: Aaron Whaley , Justin Chumbley
, Cameron Smith , <
sarena@whaleylawoffice.com>


Good morning to all!!

Just following up on this client...

On Wed, Nov 16, 2022 at 8:59 AM Starisha Curry <
anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:

> Good morning to all!!
> I'm not sure as to who this should be directed to. On the client, Nochia
> Weaver, spoke with the adjuster this morning about when we should
> receive payment, it's been over 30 days, adjuster advised me she was
> waiting on a No Fault application and authorization forms from your office.
> Just checking to see if those can be sent out asap. Thanks so much, have a
> great day.
>
>
>
> Starisha Curry
> *Director Of Operations*
> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
> Phone: 502-601-1245
> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>


-- 
Starisha Curry
*Director Of Operations*
Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
Phone: 502-601-1245
Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
