---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-11-28"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-11-28

**Case:** [[cases/nochia-weaver-mva-10-15-2022/nochia-weaver-mva-10-15-2022|Nochia Weaver MVA 10/15/2022]]

## 16:01:17

spoke with pip there gonna take care of deductible #cpip

## 12:34:02

Recvd call from PIP Adj - She confirmed receipt of PIP App and wanted to advise us that there is a $1000 Deductible that has to be satisfied before she can issue payment and she has only received MBs from Anointed hands #PIPAdj

## 12:24:23

__Fwd: Nochia Weaver__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [NochiaWeaverZ2246470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:NochiaWeaverZ2246470@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com), [cameron@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:cameron@whaleylawfirm.com) Cameron Smith
Date: Mon, 28 Nov 2022 11:24:08 -0500

I forwarded this to you last monday. Did you get it? DId you send the PIP
App?

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Starisha Curry 
Date: Mon, Nov 28, 2022 at 11:18 AM
Subject: Re: Nochia Weaver
To: Aaron Whaley , Justin Chumbley
, Cameron Smith , <
sarena@whaleylawoffice.com>


Good morning!!!

Can we please get a PIP application on Nochia Weaver sent over to her
adjuster. She's been discharged and no payment received, awaiting PIP
application.

On Mon, Nov 21, 2022 at 10:00 AM Starisha Curry <
anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:

> Good morning to all!!
>
> Just following up on this client...
>
> On Wed, Nov 16, 2022 at 8:59 AM Starisha Curry <
> anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com> wrote:
>
>> Good morning to all!!
>> I'm not sure as to who this should be directed to. On the client, Nochia
>> Weaver, spoke with the adjuster this morning about when we should
>> receive payment, it's been over 30 days, adjuster advised me she was
>> waiting on a No Fault application and authorization forms from your office.
>> Just checking to see if those can be sent out asap. Thanks so much, have a
>> great day.
>>
>>
>>
>> Starisha Curry
>> *Director Of Operations*
>> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
>> Phone: 502-601-1245
>> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>>
>
>
> --
> Starisha Curry
> *Director Of Operations*
> Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
> Phone: 502-601-1245
> Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com
>


-- 
Starisha Curry
*Director Of Operations*
Anointed Hands Injury & Rehab
Phone: 502-601-1245
Anointedhandsinjuryrehab@gmail.com


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
