---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-04-03"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-04-03

**Case:** [[cases/james-durbin-mva-12-15-2022/james-durbin-mva-12-15-2022|James Durbin MVA 12/15/2022]]

## 14:06:55

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 653-5939 on 04/03/2024 1:18 PM__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [jamesdurbinz3289170@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:jamesdurbinz3289170@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) James Durbin
Date: Wed, 3 Apr 2024 14:03:59 -0400

Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022



---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Wed, Apr 3, 2024 at 1:18?PM
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (812) 653-5939 on
04/03/2024 1:18 PM
To: aaron whaley 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear aaron whaley,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (812) 653-5939
*Received:* Wednesday, April 03, 2024 at 1:18 PM
*Length:* 01:07
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 101 aaron whaley

*Voicemail Preview:* (Partial)
"Yeah, Mr Whaley, this is Jim Durbin and you know, this is about the wreck.
It happened in 22 and I had Justin for a while, but I do not know what
happened there. But anyway, I want to tell you, I went back over. I tried
to find out some way I can tell what I have lost. In pay being off in 1415
days. I went back the year before last that year and see we have worked on
appointments and and just know I can come up the estimate, but there is
just no way because you make an appointment did not but when I was gone I
could not take the appointments to nothing. So there was no way to judge
how much I lost but that I come up with like between 13 and $1,500. If you
got some other suggestion that help me find how I could come up with a
figure, I do not know what it would be, but you can just call me anytime at
812. ..."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2024 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis

 Drive, Belmont, CA

 94002, USA
.

## 13:20:24

A missed call for aaron  whaley was logged at 2024-04-03 17:16:22.183000+00:00 . #missedcall

Caller Info: 8126535939 

Caller ID: Personal Mobile:(812) 653-5939, Personal Mobile:(812) 653-5939 

Caller Name: James Durbin 

Caller Email  

Link to Filevine Contact https://louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com/#/addressbook/617/contact/13010995 

Voicemail Transcription:

 Yeah, Mr Whaley, this is Jim Durbin and you know, this is about the wreck. It happened in 22 and I had Justin for a while, but I do not know what happened there. But anyway, I want to tell you, I went back over. I tried to find out some way I can tell what I have lost. In pay being off in 1415 days. I went back the year before last that year and see we have worked on appointments and and just know I can come up the estimate, but there is just no way because you make an appointment did not but when I was gone I could not take the appointments to nothing. So there was no way to judge how much I lost but that I come up with like between 13 and $1,500. If you got some other suggestion that help me find how I could come up with a figure, I do not know what it would be, but you can just call me anytime at 812.
