---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-24"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-24

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022|Kimberly Jenkins MVA 04/28/2022]]

## 11:25:25

__New Voice Message from Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 on 10/24/2023 9:15 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Tue, 24 Oct 2023 13:16:11 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 
*Received:* Tuesday, October 24, 2023 at 9:15 AM 
*Length:* 00:24 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Sarena, it is Kimberly Jenkins. My numbers 334-343-0475. Just calling 
to touch base with you about the doctors information. Again, you can call 
me at 334-343-0475. Kimberly Jenkins, thank you." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 11:18:23

__Phase Changed By:__ Sarena
__Old Status:__ Treatment
__New Status:__ Demand in Progress
 #status

## 11:18:12

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client Call to discuss IME Report - Advised 34% is combined Neck & Shoulder Impairment - Advised to keep Report in case she ever files for SSA Benefits - Discussed Settlement basics - Impairment Settlement, Right to Voc Rehab, Right to Future & Past Medicals & Right to ReOpen - Advised we can settle rights w/waiver or keep right to reopen & right to future medicals - She is good with getting waivers on all - Advised AW & BK will crunch numbers and they will discuss settlement specifics in further detail before making an agreement - She expressed understanding and appreciated the breakdown 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: October 24 2023

## 11:18:07

Phase Change: Demand in Progress

## 11:17:52

Client Contacted today to give update #cc
