---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-10-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-10-31

**Case:** [[cases/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022/kimberly-jenkins-mva-04-28-2022|Kimberly Jenkins MVA 04/28/2022]]

## 10:38:15

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Recvd Client VM - Seen Ortho - Shoulder - Recvd Injection - If shot does not help, she is looking at Sx - She has another FU appt today for her neck - She will give us a call after that as well - Returned Client Call this morning - Straight to VM - LVM 
__Person Making Contact:__ Sarena
__Date & Time__: October 31 2023

## 10:37:59

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 10:37:46

__New Voice Message from Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 on 10/30/2023 3:50 PM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Mon, 30 Oct 2023 19:51:01 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* Kimberly Jenkins (334) 343-0475 
*Received:* Monday, October 30, 2023 at 3:50 PM 
*Length:* 00:28 
*To:* (502) 357-9971 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
"Hi, Sarena, it is Kim Jenkins, just colleague. I just got out of my 
doctor's appointment for my shoulder. They did give me a shot this time. 
And he said that if I am going to go back in 4 weeks, if the shot does not 
work, I am going to have to have a surgery. I will keep you posted. I have 
another appointment for my neck tomorrow at 2pm. Thanks." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral and the 
RingCentral logo are trademarks of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, 
Belmont, CA 94002, USA.

## 10:37:42

Recvd Client VM - Seen Ortho - Shoulder - Recvd Injection - If shot does not help, she is looking at Sx - She has another FU appt today for her neck - She will give us a call after that as well - Returned Client Call this morning - Straight to VM - LVM #cc
