---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-13"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-13

**Case:** [[cases/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022|Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022]]

## 12:11:34

Spoke with PD about repair. car is basically complete other than an antenna which is on back order. PD adjuster is calling clients

## 11:45:51

__Fwd: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 734-5279 on 02/10/2023 3:47 PM__
From: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Justin Chumbley  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
Date: Mon, 13 Feb 2023 10:44:30 -0500

Michelle Logan PD Update from Progressive - Please call

Sarena M. Tuttle
The Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Lane
Louisville, KY 40222
D: (502) 357-9971
O: (502) 583-4022 ext 104
E: Sarena@WhaleyLawFirm.com
(PLEASE NOTE NEW EMAIL ADDRESS)


---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: RingCentral 
Date: Fri, Feb 10, 2023 at 3:48 PM
Subject: New Voice Message from WIRELESS CALLER (270) 734-5279 on
02/10/2023 3:47 PM
To: Sarena Tuttle 


[image: Logo] [image: Logo]
[image: Logo] Voice Message
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle,

You have a new voice message:
*From:* WIRELESS CALLER (270) 734-5279
*Received:* Friday, February 10, 2023 at 3:47 PM
*Length:* 00:51
*To:* (502) 583-4022 * 104 Sarena Tuttle

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Hi, this is Jessie with Progressive. I am calling on behalf of Terry
Vaughn and sell Logan and they have their vehicle at a shop that I manage
slope Collision Center here in Elizabeth town. Just wanted to give them an
update didn't know if that was alright for me to contact them or if I need
to go through you guys. So they had their vehicle is just about done. It's
it should be done mid to end of next week and there were some parts that
are on back order that you know, they're not gonna keep the car from
driving and so we'll probably have them pick the vehicle up and then have
them come back to put the at the intent of the intent is on back order. So
if you have any questions or anything feel free to call me back. My
cellphone is 270-734-5279 thanks."
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account
 with your main number, extension number,
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral
account.

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one
app. Get started 

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to
our Terms of Use .

Copyright 2023 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont,
CA 94002, USA.
