---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-02-20"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-02-20

**Case:** [[cases/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022/michelle-logan-mva-10-11-2022|Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022]]

## 14:05:38

called client to pick up her Legal Funding Check - VV316 for $1,000 - she may be able to pick up by 4pm today #cc

## 13:24:53

__Michelle Logan Loan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [faye@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:faye@whaleylawfirm.com) Faye Gaither, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2023 12:24:36 -0500

Here is the check for Michelle Logan.

-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 13:17:07

__Logan__
From: Michelle Mattingly [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) Aaron Whaley
Cc: [michelleloganmvaz2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:michelleloganmvaz2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com)
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2023 17:16:59 +0000

Here ya go Aaron. Ill send the check now.  You may want to remind her the bank is closed today, but she can cash tomorrow!
________________________________
From: admin etscorns 
Sent: Monday, February 20, 2023 12:19 PM
To: Michelle Mattingly 
Subject: Scanned image from Etscorn & Sons

Reply to: Etscorn 
Device Name: Etscorn & Sons
Device Model: MX-2651
Location: Not Set

File Format: PDF MMR(G4)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and other countries.

        http://www.adobe.com/

## 12:57:12

__Re: Logan__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [michelle@etscornproperties.com](mailto:michelle@etscornproperties.com) Michelle Mattingly, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2023 11:56:56 -0500

Michelle, hope you had a great weekend. This client would like another
advance. I am good with $1,000.

On Mon, Dec 5, 2022 at 1:05 PM Michelle Mattingly <
michelle@etscornproperties.com> wrote:

>
> ------------------------------
> *From:* admin etscorns 
> *Sent:* Monday, December 5, 2022 1:09 PM
> *To:* Michelle Mattingly 
> *Subject:* Scanned image from Etscorn & Sons
>
> Reply to: Etscorn 
> Device Name: Etscorn & Sons
> Device Model: MX-2651
> Location: Not Set
>
> File Format: PDF MMR(G4)
> Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi
>
> Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
> Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
> to view the document.
> Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
> Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
> registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
> United States and other countries.
>
>         http://www.adobe.com/
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:11:11

__Re:__
From: Aaron Whaley [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [mshell32106@gmail.com](mailto:mshell32106@gmail.com) Michelle Logan, [MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:MichelleLoganMVAZ2232733@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Michelle Logan MVA 10/11/2022
Date: Mon, 20 Feb 2023 11:10:56 -0500

You can absolutely give them a call.

On Mon, Feb 20, 2023 at 11:03 AM Michelle Logan 
wrote:

> Aaron is there anyway I can get another loan or something it's been over 4
> months since I haven't had any income. I haven't received a full paycheck
> yet from being back to work. The only loan I got was in December. I worked
> out my car payments to get them pushed from December until this month but I
> am starting to really struggle and everything is piling up on me.
>


-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022

## 12:04:31

saved hardin hospital records/bill
