---
schema_version: 2
date: "2024-03-26"
category: imported
subcategory: settlement_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2024-03-26

**Case:** [[cases/jose-mims-mva-1-22-2024/jose-mims-mva-1-22-2024|Jose Mims MVA 1/22/2024]]

## 14:55:57

__New Insurance Note:__ 03/26 sent direction to pay $2000 to Starlight
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ State Farm Insurance Company
__Written by:__ Jessa 
 #Inotes

## 14:55:47

__17-62H835X__
From: Jessa Galosmo [jessa@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessa@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [statefarmclaims@statefarm.com](mailto:statefarmclaims@statefarm.com) D'nise Mcgowan
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2024 14:55:05 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached direction to pay letter.

-- 
All the best,
Jessa Galosmo
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)357-9975
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 08:31:13

__Fwd: VA Bill Request Confirmation - LAWS# 603-M-20240322-3192__
From: Jessica Bottorff [jessica@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:jessica@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [JoseMimsMVAZ4443533@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com](mailto:JoseMimsMVAZ4443533@louisvilleaccidentlawyer.filevineapp.com) Jose Mims - Filevine Project Email Address
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2024 08:30:53 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: OGC VA Bills -- DO NOT Reply -- Not Monitored 
Date: Fri, Mar 22, 2024 at 10:20?AM
Subject: VA Bill Request Confirmation - LAWS# 603-M-20240322-3192
To: justin@whaleylawfirm.com ,
jessica@whaleylawfirm.com 


The VA has received your request for billing records regarding J. Mims
relating to treatment provided by or paid for by the VA Louisville
Healthcare System. Please note the request can take up to 60 days to
process.

Your request was entered on 3/22/2024. If you have not received a response
by 5/21/2024, please contact the VA Louisville Healthcare System Facilty
Revenue office at:

(502) 287-6154
CPACMSCPACFRLouisville2@va.gov

When following up on the request, please reference:

LAWS# 603-M-20240322-3192

Medical records must be requested separately from the VA Louisville
Healthcare System: https://www.va.gov/louisville-health-care/

Information on how to submit a new VA billing request, requesting bills for
family members of veterans and other helpful information can be found here:
https://www.va.gov/OGC/Collections.asp

Please be advised that failure to respond with information necessary for VA
to identify its claim does not absolve you of your duty to VA. Be advised
that all Veterans and Veterans' beneficiaries, or those individuals acting
on their behalf, have an affirmative duty to notify VA of care provided or
paid for in connection with a personal injury or workers compensation case.
88 Fed. Reg. 8344. As such, prior to distributing any proceeds from a
settlement or judgment, it is your responsibility to confer with the
Veteran to ensure that the Veteran has not received related care provided
or paid for by VA (including pending or potential claims for VA payment).

======================================================================================================================

This email was sent from an account for sending messages only. Please do
not reply to this email as we will not receive your response. To follow up
on the request, please see the contact information provided in the email
above. More information can be found here:
https://www.va.gov/OGC/Collections.asp
