---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-31"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-31

**Case:** [[cases/michele-cope-mva-4-9-2023/michele-cope-mva-4-9-2023|Michele Cope MVA 4/9/2023]]

## 12:17:49

Hi Michele, this is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check, how's your treatment going? Are you still seeing medical providers for treatment? I just want to know as well, what time are you usually free for a recorded statement? You can reply here. Thank you.

## 14:10:30

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/16 returned a call to adjuster,  informed her that we will be in contact once we receive a response from client about an update on her treatment and her availability for a recorded statement. She also mentioned that she’s available from Tuesday to Thursday between 9am to 3pm.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Elco Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 14:10:11

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/31 forwarded enterprise rent-a-car invoice to adjuster via email
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Erie Insurance Group
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea

## 14:08:19

__A00004900914__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [Rebecca.Wagner@erieinsurance.com](mailto:Rebecca.Wagner@erieinsurance.com) Wagner, Rebecca
Date: Wed, 31 May 2023 14:07:24 -0400

Hi,

Please see attached file. Thank you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 12:39:35

__FW: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office__
From:  [justin@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:justin@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Aaron Whaley'
Cc: [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com) 'Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag'
Date: Wed, 31 May 2023 12:39:25 -0400

Aaron, 

Will you advise Coleen how she should handle this

Justin Chumbley
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)583-4022
Fax: (502)364-9363

-----Original Message-----
From: Fax  
Sent: Wednesday, May 31, 2023 12:04 PM
To: Justin@WhaleyLawFirm.com
Subject: Scanned image from Whaley Law Office

Reply to: Fax 
Device Name: Whaley Law Office
Device Model: MX-M3070
Location: Not Set 

File Format: PDF (Medium)
Resolution: 200dpi x 200dpi

Attached file is scanned image in PDF format.
Use Acrobat(R)Reader(R) or Adobe(R)Reader(R) of Adobe Systems Incorporated
to view the document.
Adobe(R)Reader(R) can be downloaded from the following URL:
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, and Reader are
registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the
United States and other countries.

	http://www.adobe.com/

## 12:21:38

__CLIENT CONTACT__
__Details:__  Attempted to contact client to check update on her treatment and to ask availability for a recorded statement, no answer, unable to leave a message, mailbox is full. Sent text message and email. 
__Person Making Contact:__ Coleen
__Date & Time__: May 31 2023

## 12:21:23

Client Contacted today to give update #cc

## 12:20:12

__Whaley Law Firm__
From: Coleen Thea Ferry Madayag [coleen@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:coleen@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: [michele.cope1@icloud.com](mailto:michele.cope1@icloud.com)
Date: Wed, 31 May 2023 12:19:13 -0400

Hi Michele,

This is Coleen from the Whaley Law Firm. I just want to check, how's your
treatment going? Are you still seeing medical providers for treatment? I
just want to know as well, what time are you usually free for a recorded
statement? You can reply here or on the text message I sent to you. Thank
you.

Respectfully,

Coleen Madayag
Whaley Law Firm
Ph: (502)450-9495
Fax: (502)364-9363

## 10:57:40

__New Insurance Note:__ 5/31 adjuster called in to ask some questions about treatment status of client and availability of client for a recorded statement.
__Insurance Type:__ Personal Injury Protection (PIP)
__Insurance Company:__ Elco Insurance
__Written by:__ Coleen Thea
