---
schema_version: 2
date: "2023-05-04"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2023-05-04

**Case:** [[cases/sincere-jarman-mva-03-14-2022/sincere-jarman-mva-03-14-2022|Sincere Jarman MVA 03/14/2022]]

## 12:15:36

__Fwd: Transcript Files | Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle Christian__
From: Aaron Whaley  [agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 3 May 2023 12:47:37 -0400

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Transcript Delivery 
Date: Wed, May 3, 2023 at 9:38?AM
Subject: Transcript Files | Jean Yarbrough; Carmella Yarbrough; Kyle
Christian
To: agwhaley@whaleylawfirm.com 


Due to size limitations, please use the login information below to access
the transcript files and exhibits.
The electronic original transcript files are attached.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You can now access your files 24/7 from our NEW online repository at:*
https://kentuckiana.reporterbase.com/contact
*


Username: aaronwhaley

Password: whal123


*REPOSITORY INSTRUCTIONS:*

   1. Log in using your unique username and password.
   2. Click on the REPOSITORY tab at the top of the page.
   3.  On the left side of the screen you will see a blank witness field.
   Type the witness first or last name and click the SEARCH tool or hit
   ENTER.
   4. All related transcript files will then appear on the screen to the
   right.



Thank you!!



*Kentuckiana Court Reporters / Kentucky Court Reporters*

Phone: (502) 589-2273 <(502)-589-2273>

Email: transcript_delivery@kentuckianareporters.com


Address: 730 West Main Street, Suite 101, Louisville, KY 40202

Address: 175 East Main Street, Suite 105, Lexington, KY 40507

[image: facebook] 

[image: facebook] 

Kentuckiana Court Reporters  | Kentucky
Court Reporters  | Online Remote
Deposition Guide  |

? Schedule your next deposition today!





-- 
Aaron Whaley
Whaley Law Firm
712 Lyndon Ln
Louisville, KY 40222
502-583-4022
