---
schema_version: 2
date: "2022-08-10"
category: imported
subcategory: archived_activity_export
---

# Activity Log — 2022-08-10

**Case:** [[cases/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022/quartize-rhodes-dual-wc-mva-07-11-2022|Quartize Rhodes Dual WC/MVA 07/11/2022]]

## 09:54:25

Returned call to LiMu Adj Doleson - Coverage will be denied - Policy cancelled 5 months prior - She just wanted to get some details for her file - Provided - She will send denial in writing as soon as it is finalized. #BI #Denied

## 09:47:36

__New Voice Message from LIBERTY MUTUAL  (513) 576-4698 on 08/10/2022 8:27 AM__
From: RingCentral  [notify@ringcentral.com](mailto:notify@ringcentral.com)
To: Sarena Tuttle  [Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com](mailto:Sarena@whaleylawfirm.com)
CC:  
Date: Wed, 10 Aug 2022 12:27:11 +0000 (UTC)

 
[image: Logo] [image: Logo] 
[image: Logo] Voice Message 
------------------------------

Dear Sarena Tuttle, 

You have a new voice message:
*From:* LIBERTY MUTUAL (513) 576-4698 
*Received:* Wednesday, August 10, 2022 at 8:27 AM 
*Length:* 00:33 
*To:* (502) 365-9435 Sarena Tuttle 

*Voicemail Preview:*
" Good morning. This is Stephanie with liberty mutual and safe co. Claims. 
I was following up on the file for your client court T's roads wanted to 
touch base with you on this one and give you a status of our investigation 
as well as confirm. I have the correct information on file. If you could 
give me a call back my callback number is 513-576-4698 claim number for 
reference is 050186702. Thank you for your time bye." 
Listen to this message over your phone or log in to your RingCentral account 
 with your main number, extension number, 
and password. You can also manage your voicemails in your RingCentral 
account. 

Thank you for using RingCentral!

------------------------------
Work from anywhere with the RingCentral app. It's got everything you need 
to stay connected: team messaging, video meetings and phone - all in one 
app. Get started  

By subscribing to and/or using RingCentral, you acknowledge agreement to 
our Terms of Use . 

Copyright 2022 RingCentral, Inc. All rights reserved. RingCentral is a 
registered trademark of RingCentral, Inc., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, 
CA 94002, USA.
